Lilliana Robinson: So this is their 1st time meeting you. So this is Bob Mesta. We've talked a lot about him. They've all read your book. We've gone through
Lilliana Robinson: 4 or 5 lecture series on jobs to be done on all your work. And they've been so excited to meet you. So for the founders. The way this is gonna work we've done this several times with Bob is we've chosen 4 companies to go 1st and kind of kick us off, and I'll tell you what those 4 are gonna do. And then after that, we're gonna open it up, and anyone who wants to volunteer can do the same thing.
Lilliana Robinson: and or just ask general questions. So the thing that I would like these 4 to do is introduce yourself and your company really briefly so, for like 30 seconds. What do you do?
Lilliana Robinson: What are the clusters you found in your? Why, before the why and which one are you going after. And why?
Lilliana Robinson: And then any problems that you have or like issues that Bob can help you with. Thinking through your final analysis of your jobs to be done.
Lilliana Robinson: So the 1st one that I'd like to go is Opal Morgan.
Lilliana Robinson: So just introduce yourself and your business. Tell Bob about your clusters, which one you're going after, any issues that you're having, that he can help you with. Everyone else should be listening. After these 1st 4. Go we'll open it up. Anyone can go, or you can just ask general questions about the framework or anything you want to know from Bob.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 1 1 point of order before Morgan starts bob. Jake joined us last week in person.
Bob Moesta: Yep.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And each of the companies presented their insights on their process for applying jobs to date.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And we tore into them
Neal Sáles-Griffin: good. And Jake specifically did that. So, Jake, I don't know if you want to give Bob any context from what you learned. But if you want to do that, this is your time, and then we're going to get in.
Bob Moesta: Yeah.
Bob Moesta: The the one. The one thing I'll add is the fact. This is, you really actually want to pay attention. One of the reasons why I insist that everybody's here is that when we start talking about one problem, you're gonna go like, Oh, my God, I have that problem. And then we're talking about another problem. You're like, Oh, my, gosh, I have that problem, too. And so you start, gonna realize that that everybody's conversation is gonna actually help you. So so I would tell you not to tune out, but to more like try to try to assimilate and and have some empathy towards kind of what their problem is, because you'll start to realize you. You might have this problem as well, but you didn't even know it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Just so. Just so, you know, like this class has stood out to us out of all 12 that we've run so far
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like they actually understand the assignment.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So they show up. They're attentive. They're not multitasking on their devices. They're not passively listening until it's their turn.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They're all engaged, right. Everybody. We all in. Okay. Good. Alright.
Bob Moesta: So so, Neil, I just have to ask, like, you look 10 years younger, what the fuck just happened.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I just shaved, that's all. Just chopped it off, that's all you know. Remember.
Bob Moesta: You look like a little kid, my friend.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I know. Yeah, thank you. That's awesome. That's a great one. Thanks, man.
Bob Moesta: Sorry I just I couldn't. I couldn't.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I I know I know you can let it go.
Bob Moesta: That's great. That's great. All right, Opal, you're up. Let's go game on.
Morgan Stanton: Hi, Bob, nice to meet you. I'm Morgan Stanton. I'm the CEO of opal therapeutics. So our company is working in women's health. Specifically, we are a uterus in a dish biotech startup. So we are developing a novel therapeutics and platform to understand female biology for R&D.
Morgan Stanton: So the screening criteria that we had was looking for Cxos at biotech or pharma companies with a focus women's reproductive health that have hired a contract research organization. So this is just an organization that does scientific experiments for you if you don't have a lab, and they're not using animal models. So no, no rats or monkeys, or anything like that.
Bob Moesta: Okay.
Morgan Stanton: So I got through 14 interviews, and the I have 4 clusters
Morgan Stanton: and the 1st one the cluster. I said the quote I got was, people don't think I'm shady. They were hiring Cros not really to validate the science, but essentially to get the the brand name of the Cro on their company, like the biggest one in the space, is Charles Rivers Laboratory, like they wanted Charles Rivers on their deck to make people feel better.
Bob Moesta: So I so it's I don't have enough credibility. If I actually have this, other people know can recognize what it is, and it's giving me credibility. And and ultimately it's it's it's making me legitimate.
Morgan Stanton: Yes, exactly. That was the 1st one cluster number 2. The quote was none of it. Could the work could be outsourced. No one worked with menstrual blood. Essentially, especially these groups in women's health. They're doing some kind of new technology with menstrual, effluent. They couldn't find a Cro to do the work, or like the Cro didn't want to do it, they'd never done it before. They were unsure. So a lot of these labs have actually done the work internally decided not to go with the Cro. They couldn't find it do it on their own.
Morgan Stanton: Yep,
Morgan Stanton: questions.
Bob Moesta: So wait. I just want to make sure. So this one is literally like we do it. We only do it because we have to do it. We didn't know there was anybody else who would do it.
Morgan Stanton: Yes, and actually part of it isn't true. I actually found some cros that do do it, but they're they're hard to find. They don't advertise much about it. So you have to put in a lot of work.
Morgan Stanton: cluster 3 was,
Morgan Stanton: Do you know, a good model for endometriosis like the specific disease. And this was kind of a larger problem. With understanding the regulations of the FDA.
Morgan Stanton: They were trying to study a disease, but like couldn't understand the FDA's guidelines or the FDA's regulations, and like they were, they were trying to ask me. They were just trying to like desperately find information for making sure their product went through the FDA cleanly.
Morgan Stanton: number 4 was, I want convenience and validation for my customers. So they are building a product that's going directly to consumers. And they want some kind of thing on their Amazon ad or their website ad, that makes customers feel safe about using their product that's been tested in a lab clinically validated, so forth. So they were working with a Cro to like help with their marketing and storytelling of their product.
Bob Moesta: So the so the difference between one and 4 is, I need credibility from others in the industry versus 4 is, I need credibility for the customers they need. So it's so. They're very different, because they're different. Different notion notions of bring me credibility.
Morgan Stanton: Yes, yes.
Bob Moesta: That's that. By the way, that that's a that's a master's degree in jobs. Just that subtlety and knowing how to separate that awesome, awesome.
Bob Moesta: So so
Bob Moesta: where? Where do you think you're gonna start.
Morgan Stanton: So the the kind of insights I gained from this
Morgan Stanton: was that we were going to start offering some new services geared towards, I would say, the wellness category. So even though these were in the biotech women's health space, some of these products were not like traditional science or biotech, they were falling more into like menstrual products, and so offering services geared towards
Morgan Stanton: this kind of sector, this wellness category more than traditional biotech, and they would actually be a faster turnaround time like a traditional biotech.
Morgan Stanton: You're doing a project for a couple months something like that.
Morgan Stanton: This category you need less. So it could be a turnaround time in a couple of weeks it'd be a little bit cheaper, and we don't have to change much about our platform. It's more of just marketing it towards them. These these quick experiments we can do.
Bob Moesta: So that's a combination of Job 2 and Job Job 3.
Morgan Stanton: Yes. Yeah. Yeah.
Bob Moesta: I I would I would agree with that. I think jobs one and 4, you you can build over time. But you need. You need to build credibility and make sure you have a high standard to to actually earn it. So it's it takes time to do that where 2 and 3 are both. They're almost immediately immediate struggle, struggling moments where they don't want to do it. They didn't even know they could outsource it, and it might be simply just making them aware that it is outsourceable in this way.
Bob Moesta: Yes.
Morgan Stanton: Yeah. Yeah. Cause yeah, I don't. I'm not gonna be Charles Rivers lab at like overnight. So that that's something I can't do.
Bob Moesta: Right and and 3 is really about. I I have a patient, or I have this thing. I want to know more about it deeper, faster, so save me the time of having to navigate all the FDA stuff like. Give me the cliff notes, help me understand? And this and where's your boundaries of expertise?
Morgan Stanton: Exactly. And so that was the other point. Was knowing the FDA, like, I know, some of the FDA regulations relative to my company, but knowing even more like, really almost have like a booklet of FDA, and really reducing the pain point for the client in that sense, even if it doesn't mean like I get their work like immediately. They'll remember us as like, oh, they they knew their stuff about government regulations.
Bob Moesta: And and what I would say is that at some point in time, as and this is very similar in in banks and other industries where it's like like, there's just certain things they don't need to be in, and certain things they have to be in. And ultimately, that that they're they're choosing to focus. Which means that then this is actually a way, bigger opportunity. Because if they're not focusing on this, then they need a place to have this lab work done, or this knowledge to to sit as a as a supplement to what they're doing.
Bob Moesta: And so you find that that these, the 2 and 3 are kind of the places that I would double down on, and with the goal of basically getting one and and 4 as kind of as we get scale.
Morgan Stanton: Okay, right?
Bob Moesta: Cause. I think I think the yeah, that's that's how I would look at it.
Bob Moesta: And and is this is this customer facing? Or is this professional facing, or both.
Morgan Stanton: It. It's mostly professional facing. I don't.
Bob Moesta: Felt like, okay, because I think, like having done a lot of work in the space. To be honest, there's a very so there's a couple of things I'll tell you about. So I worked on adult female incontinence. Right? And and the aspect is, is
Bob Moesta: this is a problem that nobody talks about. Nobody even shares with their sister that there have these problems. And so they go almost through this entire process of this alone, because they don't. 1 want to tell anybody and 2 is, they don't know what to do or how to do it. And so there is a very large consumer piece to this, especially when they, because they don't know much about it, and they want to learn more about it.
Bob Moesta: and they don't know how to talk about it.
Morgan Stanton: And so would you say, in that sense, it's more of like kind of like thought leadership, like even like sources of info on our website.
Bob Moesta: I don't know if it's thought leadership. It's more like, because again, you could say, the FDA is on the thought leadership side of putting together. What's there? It's more like, give me a place to go so I can understand what the hell they're even saying.
Morgan Stanton: Okay. Okay.
Bob Moesta: I think it's more about translation from the consumer, from the from the technical high risk, you know, like doctors talk to you like they're they're lawyers.
Morgan Stanton: Yeah.
Bob Moesta: Right. And how do you actually try to talk to them as just normal human beings.
Morgan Stanton: Got it. That makes sense.
Bob Moesta: Right. And I and I do like the vertical focus on on women's health and and the uterus, because I just feel like it's it's a very unique positioning. And like nobody, nobody has kind of
Bob Moesta: claim that space per se. And it's really a space that needs to be really focused on. So it's it's I think it's a great.
Bob Moesta: it's it's a good start, for sure.
Morgan Stanton: Thank you.
Bob Moesta: So what? But do you have any questions?
Morgan Stanton: I mean.
Morgan Stanton: if I'm going down this like offering.
Morgan Stanton: One of the other things I wanted to do was basically doing jobs to be done for these research groups. Again, the space is kind of new, like. In a sense, this woman's health, like people, are doing new things right. So I can't. It's hard for me to offer a standardized set of experiments for everyone. I can't have a couple, but a lot of people are going to want some flexibility.
Bob Moesta: Yes.
Morgan Stanton: So
Morgan Stanton: knowing how to use jobs to be done to kind of like, make sure we don't do do too much, really kind of like.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah, so so I think this is a case of like, I think you actually want to have standard products, because having done work in the research realm. They actually don't know what they want. And they're gonna actually make it as complicated and as as biased as possible to their data.
Morgan Stanton: Okay.
Bob Moesta: Right. And so my thing is is that at some point you'll end up being a customized shop as opposed to like. Look, we can take this stuff off your plate
Bob Moesta: right? And ultimately, what they'll do is they they? And and then you can start to say, Well, if you want this and this and this that's extra, so you can at least start to charge for those things that are absurd or or out of the box.
Morgan Stanton: Okay. But I would.
Bob Moesta: Tell you to scale is you're better off trying to get rid of the stuff that they don't want to do than do the stuff that they can't do.
Morgan Stanton: Do the stuff they don't want to do.
Bob Moesta: Not the stuff they can't do so like like, I can't do these tests. Could you do these tests? It's kind of like they're they're the anomaly of it. But it's more like, no, I'm doing these tests. I don't want to do these tests anymore. Can you do them for me?
Morgan Stanton: Okay, that makes sense.
Bob Moesta: Because because if you go into the into the doing the test they can't do, it's gonna become a long tail of a lot of stuff.
Morgan Stanton: Agree.
Bob Moesta: And so I think, especially early on you being able to focus as close as possible to like a set of 4 or 5 different things, knowing that there might be 10 or 20 of them. But to realize, like these are the essential 4 or 5 that we have, that that almost anybody anybody could buy that one if they wanted it.
Morgan Stanton: Okay. Okay.
Bob Moesta: Because they're gonna the market, will push you to customize and to be like, think of my examples like Warby Parker. When Warby Parker started. They didn't do anything complicated in glasses. They did single vision, $95, and they grew like crazy.
Bob Moesta: And then what they did is they built equipment to help you actually do progressive lenses and some of these other things, and after that, then they started to get sunglasses and and multifocal and other things. And they did it by actually technology innovation that then helped them actually learn how to measure people's eyes better.
Morgan Stanton: Okay.
Bob Moesta: So I would say, stay, simple as as long as you can.
Morgan Stanton: Yeah, that was my biggest question. This is incredibly helpful. Thank you.
Bob Moesta: Cool.
Bob Moesta: alright.
Lilliana Robinson: It's Morgan.
Bob Moesta: You're on the right track. I give. I give you a a an 8 or a 9 out of 10 on jobs. But like, that's that's a very high.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's huge.
Lilliana Robinson: Thank you. Alright, Morgan, I'm glad we started with you. That was really great, really solid. Thank you for sharing.
Bob Moesta: So can I. Can. I just tell people why she was so? One is.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, please.
Bob Moesta: Talk about the clusters in a very, very succinct way, and then I could understand them, and that there were subtleties between kind of like that one in one and 4. That kind of can look similar, but they actually feel really different. And so that the the high score is because you're able to kind of separate one and 4 where most people might like. If they're more junior, they would probably keep one and 4 together
Bob Moesta: because they feel similar. But they're actually not.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, a lot of nuance. And I let I agree, Morgan, you were very succinct with how you could explain which demonstrated a very deep knowledge.
Morgan Stanton: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Great job. Okay, cool. I'm gonna take you off this spotlight.
Lilliana Robinson: Next is Annie. This is Annie. From reliable.
Annie Brown: Hello! Can you hear me? Okay, there's a lot.
Bob Moesta: You're muted. I can't hear you.
Lilliana Robinson: Really faint. Do you have?
Lilliana Robinson: Do you have the right mic on.
Annie Brown: Going on, so maybe somebody might want to go first.st
Bob Moesta: There you go.
Bob Moesta: We can hear you now. We can hear you now. It just it had to warm up.
Bob Moesta: Okay.
Annie Brown: Alright if it gets weird, just let me know. So so yeah. So I'm the CEO at reliable. I am. We are doing data annotation as a software or as a service. And we help to improve algorithmic outputs by bringing users into the data annotation pipeline. So typically
Annie Brown: data annotation is sent overseas to done to be done by people who are oftentimes overworked, underpaid, or done by in-house data. Scientists who also don't have a lot of context about the data that they're labeling. So users were basically
Annie Brown: handling them as subject matter experts. So our jobs to be done. We've done a total of 12.
Annie Brown: But caveat to that is the 1st 5 we actually scrape, because once we got past the 5th interview, we realized that we wanted to pivot our screening criteria quite significantly. That was a couple of our jobs to be done was actually to identify our go to market vertical. So the screening criteria that we landed on
Annie Brown: was senior decision makers such as Ceos Ctos, heads of heads of engineering. That who have hired or developed in house solutions for data, annotation or content recommendation in the past 6 months. And then the.
Bob Moesta: What? What would be some of the other products that they would be using, or or services they would be using.
Annie Brown: Yes, so commercial pro products may include hive scale AI, spectrum labs, aws, mechanical Turk or Samosaurs. So those were ones that were oftentimes named in the interview.
Annie Brown: Yep.
Bob Moesta: Perfect
Bob Moesta: alright. And so how did those interviews turn out.
Annie Brown: They turned out really well. So I think the key cluster that we want to dive further into. But a key cluster that allowed us to kind of create this pivot was that content? Recommendation? Accuracy is key to my company's success. So
Annie Brown: that was huge. Because before we weren't really sure, like, what type of algorithm we would help with for these consumer tech companies, we were actually leaning more towards content moderation. But we found that content recommendation was on the roadmap for almost every
Annie Brown: company we talked about, and it was top priority, because that was a key metric that they had to deliver was user engagement keeping users on the platform. So so yeah, so that was a a big one for us. And we wanna dive more into the subtleties of that.
Bob Moesta: And this and this is more of a almost a fundamental process they have to have in place in order to deliver on all that stuff. And so if they don't have a good system for it, despite what they're putting in, it's actually garbage in garbage out.
Annie Brown: Yes, exactly. And so they all. So most of them. Some of them were just developing a content recommendation system, but a lot of them had pre-existing content recommendation systems, but weren't satisfied with them. And we're looking for ways to improve it.
Bob Moesta: Got it. And and they were. They were using everything from a range of hiring mechanical Turk to basically buying a tool that would make it easier for them to kind of do this.
Annie Brown: Yeah. And actually, a lot of them, because, the next cluster is that tagging is difficult and costly, and context is needed to do it well. So we found that actually a lot of the firms didn't trust outsourcing it to a lot of those firms. So a lot of them had just turned to doing it in house.
Bob Moesta: So the big, struggling moment is like, I don't know. Like mechanical Turk. I just don't know half of its garbage that comes in comes like I gotta clean it up again, anyway. So.
Annie Brown: Right.
Bob Moesta: Doing it ourselves, because we don't want to do it twice.
Annie Brown: Right. And I think for us, that's that's key feedback we got during our presentation of this is that in in our next, you know, as we continue these interviews, really diving into some of the subtleties of what those struggling moments are. But yeah, it was that like. So, for one example, one on Cluster 2. 1 group.
Annie Brown: Said that they had a ton of posts about Taylor Swift on their platform, but mechanical Turk just labeled them all as woman. And so if you looked up, woman, you just got a bunch of Taylor swift posts, and it just didn't work for their their platform.
Annie Brown: So it's like the vagueness and the lack of nuance in in.
Bob Moesta: Yeah. So so this is where I would be. I'd almost try to segment this work
Bob Moesta: till I
Bob Moesta: what's the what's the work? That's just almost like they they need. But the fact is, it's like, it's so basic that they like it's almost like, try to find the things that they're willing to like offload 50% of the load because they can trust you to get that 50% done. And then over time, you can kind of migrate up to doing a hundred percent of it. Because think of it this way is like, these are a bunch of people who don't really want to do it themselves, can't find anybody else to do it. Well.
Bob Moesta: I'm willing to outsource it if I can actually get assurances that it works. But they're not going to start with all of their data at once. They're gonna start with like, Give me some, you know. Show me you can do this, and some people are going to want to start on the on the tough end. And some people are going to want to start on the easy end.
Bob Moesta: And I'm gonna tell you to start on the easy end because they're just they would rather get rid of all that extra stuff that they don't have to do so. They can do the customized stuff, and then you can learn from them how to actually do it more better and better for them, but trying to be perfect out of the hat will be a disaster.
Annie Brown: Yes, and and that's actually one comment, and I wasn't quite sure if it was a cluster. We kind of like put it into this cluster, too, but I think, like some of the feedback you were giving to Morgan. I could see how we could break it into a separate cluster. There were people that said specifically for socially complex data. So data around
Annie Brown: Lgbtq race gender sexuality, they didn't want to do that like they just didn't want to label it and that's where our expertise lies. So yeah, for one of our 1st customers.
Annie Brown: we're labeling month by month, and then each month we're focusing on a very specific set of data like, so
Annie Brown: we're focusing on like women's health data.
Bob Moesta: Yeah. Yeah. So that's where I think this is like, you have to realize that that people are gonna have to get comfortable with you. So you're gonna have to design an onboarding process to kind of get comfortable with the data and to show your limits. But over time they're just gonna literally, just wanna they're they're almost gonna push you too hard to take more than you can handle. And you wanna make sure that you at least have some.
Bob Moesta: because again, they're gonna wanna. As soon as they know you can take it. They're gonna want you to take it as fast as possible. But there's some stuff that's more complicated than others. And so being able to have, like almost categories of data to say like, Well, we can take this and do it for this amount. But at this amount we have to do it. We need more context. Blah, blah, it's more expensive. But I would actually make sure you're pricing it, based on kind of the complexity of of the context that has to be wrapped around the.
Annie Brown: Oh, I love that.
Bob Moesta: College.
Annie Brown: Yes.
Bob Moesta: Right because some people are going to want you to basically do like, just basic stuff that you can do. And it's like, it's really not value added, but it to them it's extremely value added. So even though it's not hard, it's the fact that that you can do it better than anybody else like you have to realize like.
Bob Moesta: that's where you're gonna have to start.
Annie Brown: Okay.
Bob Moesta: That's that's my suggestion. Because I think, starting at the higher end, you're gonna have to jump through so many other hoops to show you can do it where, if you can just take 50% of the work off the plate right now on the simpler stuff, they'll go like, please take it.
Annie Brown: Okay, I like that. So maybe
Annie Brown: you know, a combination of.
Annie Brown: So you're saying like, for the more complex tasks like work our way up to that.
Bob Moesta: That's right, that's right. But but I I like the separation also. Between look I I need. I need it to be more accurate. And so there's like like, think of it as what are the accuracy features you can talk about versus the notion of you can actually do this better than we can, which is a different set of features.
Bob Moesta: whereas each job you gotta kind of look at it and say what feature like. You might have 20 features. But what features are you? Gonna what are the 5 features? You're gonna talk about? A job to one versus Job 2. And then in the sales process as you're talking to them, try to make sure you can actually put them in which job they're in. So then you know what features to talk about.
Annie Brown: Okay, yes.
Annie Brown: And is, those are those jobs things that we can actually determine through the interviews. If we really dive into some of these things so like, what, specifically, are you hiring aws to do? What specifically.
Bob Moesta: Why, why aws and not mechanical Turk or web? Why mechanical Turk and not hive like? And it might be no
Bob Moesta: right like like so one of the things I might recruit on is that you looked at several, 2 or more alternatives to basically outsource this. And you pick and you picked and chose one.
Bob Moesta: So ultimately, you can get how they made the decision to and what they cause it. This is a very much an emotional decision to make. This is not a, it's a functional decision around accuracy. But ultimately, when it's wrong, it's really emotional to say, like, now, our data is all kind of compromised.
Annie Brown: Yeah.
Annie Brown: yeah, that's such a good point. Because that was, that was, I think, my struggle. And what I want to get better at on the future interviews was to figure out where that emotional piece came in. And it really was the the results. I think. Actually, we did an interview with cogniscope, who's in our thing? And they said it was a horrible feeling when I realized this was all wrong, and I had to redo it. So okay.
Bob Moesta: Yeah. Yeah. And so, by the way, that's the thing that's the thing you want to actually start advertising about is like, so how many times have you actually put all the data in and realize you need to do it over.
Bob Moesta: Like, let's let's stop like cause. You gotta start with the struggling moment, because if you just say, Hey, we can make your data better like they might not even relate to the data that they actually had to redo as a problem
Bob Moesta: right?
Annie Brown: Right? Yes.
Bob Moesta: Talk through their struggling moments of like you know, how many times did you have to redo the data this month?
Annie Brown: Hmm.
Annie Brown: yeah. And and the.
Bob Moesta: Don't, don't answer. But, like the this is where I say, questions create spaces in the brain for solutions to fall into.
Bob Moesta: So if we can actually ask them a question and not answer it. They're gonna go like God. How many times did it did I have to redo the data that that was 4 times God, that's a lot we should do be better right.
Annie Brown: Right? Yeah. And we also have some. Some.
Annie Brown: like some of our customers, have been motivated by like bias as well like, you know, so like their users have been affected by bias, or they've left the platform because of bias. So I think there's emotional moment on both like the buyer side, and maybe the user side that we could tap into.
Annie Brown: Yep.
Bob Moesta: I think that's right.
Bob Moesta: but it's understanding kind of what? What are the emotional triggers through it, and and what are the things they have to see, to give them confidence that it's more accurate.
Annie Brown: Yeah.
Bob Moesta: Say you're more accurate, but that doesn't mean they believe you.
Annie Brown: Yes, yeah, that's actually saying we're working on for Demo Day is like a quantifiable with our 1st customers like, How much of the accuracy? Are we able to improve?
Bob Moesta: So yeah, so I I would be. I would be careful with that, because so the the way Clay
Bob Moesta: Clay would talk about this, I'm going to Channel Clay for a minute. Clay Christensen, who's 1 of my mentors, he would say that you know
Bob Moesta: he would tell me that you know when, when when he dies.
Bob Moesta: he's going to go to heaven. But the fact is, there'll be no data in heaven. And I and I had to ask, why did he say this? And he basically would say, he's like, Well, no one piece of data can tell you the entire truth of what's going on. And so by all fact, then data is actually not telling the truth, which is a lie, and all lies go to hell. So all data will be in hell when I die.
Bob Moesta: I'm like, Wait, what? And so this is where you had just have to be very conscious about. I know you want to try to find one metric, but it might have to be 2 metrics. But what I would tell you find the things are meaningful to measure, not easy to measure.
Bob Moesta: Usually the meaningful things are hard to measure, but they actually make a big difference.
Annie Brown: Okay, that's a that's
Bob Moesta: So watch out. That's a red. That's yeah.
Bob Moesta: That's all.
Annie Brown: Awesome.
Annie Brown: And do I have a little bit more time, lilliana, or for.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, but you can ask one more question. I would say.
Annie Brown: Okay, cool. I think our last, our last cluster
Annie Brown: was that they were talking about. I want my data labels to reflect my user interest, but I don't want to burden my users. So that gave us that was kind of something that gave us some insight on our product moving forward. That basically.
Annie Brown: they don't want the users to have to feel like they're doing something extra to get this additional insight. And so I was just kind of wondering, like, how you is that a cluster, or is that more like a feedback.
Bob Moesta: So this is this is actually like, what I would say is, is
Bob Moesta: It's a conflict between the the buyer and the user. So think of the customer and the consumer.
Annie Brown: Yeah.
Bob Moesta: Right, and and they they don't want a burden. But what I will tell you is that for it to be meaningful to the customers. It's about asking the right set of questions in the right time in the right sequence to make it valuable to them.
Annie Brown: Right.
Bob Moesta: And so my aspect is as though they might want less friction. The reality is, is sometimes friction actually builds, builds interest.
Annie Brown: I love that.
Bob Moesta: So. So this is where I would say that this is the. The. The customer is actually wrong.
Bob Moesta: and they want they want it to be less friction, and what I'll tell you is that if we create a speed bump on the on the process of onboarding, people are way more likely to convert than if I actually just make it so easy to sign up, and they don't remember why they signed up.
Annie Brown: Hmm.
Bob Moesta: So this is where the the so again, one of my mentors would say, is, every problem has 2 sides, and so, it being too easy or or too hard is, is the opposite is being too easy. So the the simple example is one of the things I did very early in the nineties or mid nineties was are, we'd have a program that would install so fast that people would install it 4 or 5 times because they didn't know it was installing. So we just literally created a gif that literally ran for 10 seconds. So people knew it was actually installing.
Annie Brown: Right? That's right.
Bob Moesta: That notion of of creating a little friction that basically actually creates value. So this is where the subtlety is. They don't want to burden their customers, but at the same time our consumers. But the same time is the consumers. If they're really trying to make progress, they do want to be burdened a little bit, because that that's how it adds value.
Annie Brown: Yeah. And we've seen that in the research that actually, when users participate in the machine learning pipeline, they trust AI. More. They stay on the platform more. Okay, that's a huge. That's a huge insight for us. So thank you.
Annie Brown: This is awesome.
Bob Moesta: So I I'm available Linkedin as well. So everybody should. Just, you know, connect with me on Linkedin, and all you do is you text. Me got them in, and I'll like, because I'll I'll remember everybody's project, and then I can just, and I can give you 5 min here or there as you have you, if you have questions, but you gotta be very diligent about the 5 like 2 min for what? The question is. 1 min for what you're thinking about, and then 2 min for me to respond.
Annie Brown: All right. Yes.
Bob Moesta: For everybody on the on the call here.
Bob Moesta: Thank you so much.
Annie Brown: Yeah, we'll take you up on that. Yep.
Lilliana Robinson: Thank you.
Bob Moesta: Hey! Adam!
Lilliana Robinson: Next is Dave from evil genius. Games, Dave, are you on the line.
Dave Scott: Yeah, I'm here.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright. Are you ready.
Bob Moesta: I hope you're enjoying this because I I literally look forward to this every single time I do this I'd love to do this.
Lilliana Robinson: This is great. These are such rich insights. I hope you guys see how it's applicable to everybody like the past 2. A lot of you can relate that to your own businesses. Too
Lilliana Robinson: cool. Alright, Dave, kick us off.
Bob Moesta: Hey, Dave, what's up, man?
Dave Scott: Hey! How are you?
Bob Moesta: Good.
Dave Scott: So I'm with evil genius games. We actually make a tabletop role playing game similar to dungeons and dragons.
Dave Scott: Except for 2 fundamental differences. One is, we have a modern day platform which allows you to play
Dave Scott: games like
Dave Scott: you know, play John Wicker Rambo instead of like a an elf wizard or or a gnome barbarian.
Dave Scott: And we use technology to be able to bring people together right? So if you don't, if you can't get around the dinner table to play. We have technology which allows anyone to play, no matter where they are.
Bob Moesta: Yep.
Dave Scott: So we had a couple of interesting observations.
Bob Moesta: Just making sure I get this. I can do it remotely like, if if my kids are in different cities or countries, or wherever we could literally have a game and do a board game. We could have game night, though everybody's not in the same place.
Dave Scott: And that, and that. That's that's the huge value proposition. A lot of our customers use it to stay in touch with family.
Bob Moesta: Yup got it?
Dave Scott: Have a family game night.
Dave Scott: but but to do it virtually. Yup.
Bob Moesta: I love it.
Dave Scott: Yeah.
Dave Scott: So our screening criteria was, we're looking for people who purchased our game.
Dave Scott: which is called everyday heroes
Dave Scott: and are currently playing it. So they purchased it. They found 5 friends to play it, and they were actually playing it.
Dave Scott: We had 20 interviews. They lasted about an hour each
Dave Scott: and across us Uk and Australia.
Bob Moesta: Okay.
Dave Scott: We had a couple of interesting commonalities that I just think are interesting is that almost everyone had the exact same origin story.
Dave Scott: meaning that they discovered dungeons and dragons when they were 9 to 11 years old.
Dave Scott: and that's how they got into the hobby.
Dave Scott: And then they branched off from there.
Bob Moesta: So. So so I gotta pause you for a second, because the this is this, this is where it gets complicated, because there's there's the people who initiate it.
Bob Moesta: And then there's the people who got invited to it.
Dave Scott: Yes.
Bob Moesta: Right. And so you actually have to know. One is who are the people who are actually taking the political risk to actually introduce this notion of getting everybody together, because it's not. That's a unique breed of people, because it's kind of like. Think of it as vacations. Vacations are the same way, 20% of the people plan the vacations. The other 80% just go on the vacation that the 20% have planned
Bob Moesta: right. And so you can't talk to the people who just went on vacation because they thought it was easy, because somebody else did all the work to plan it.
Dave Scott: So. Bob, I guess this is why you're a rock star. Because that was my second observation.
Dave Scott: My second observation is, I'm a micro influencer within my friends. Group.
Bob Moesta: That's right. That that's 1 of the jobs is is that I I miss. It's either I miss people and want to spend time with them, and it's a way for me to spend time with them because I miss them, or it's like I wanna I wanna I wanna be the catalyst to keep us together, because that's what keeping us together is the most important thing. And so you start to realize there's several different kind of reasons why people are trying to do these games. And it's and it it sounds like it's about the game, but it usually has nothing to do with the game.
Dave Scott: Yeah, that's right. Yeah. And so what we found across all of our interviews is that every single one of them was a micro influencer. They were the ones who saw themselves as the the person who introduced new games into the into the part, into the group they found themselves usually selling.
Dave Scott: selling into the group like, Hey, do this play this game. Don't! Don't play that game
Dave Scott: and oftentimes they would actually run the game in order to play it. So they would actually take that leadership role which is called the game master to actually run it because they want they wanted that game to actually what we call fire. They want the game to fire, or to happen.
Bob Moesta: Yeah. And so they're adding, they're adding, kind of all that. They're they're the ones they need. Control. Control is the other part of this thing right?
Bob Moesta: So so there, there.
Dave Scott: Control.
Bob Moesta: There's 2 parts. This one is is what I would call loneliness. How much of this is about being lonely
Bob Moesta: and missing people, and how much of this is about me having a sense of control.
Bob Moesta: Do like like again. Think of it as they're taking the risk to pull everybody together.
Bob Moesta: They don't want to put. They don't want that to fall apart because somebody ran it wrong.
Bob Moesta: And so their notion of of being able to get everybody together. They want that control piece usually is tied together with it.
Dave Scott: Yeah, that's interesting a lot. A lot of people. What we realized was was that a lot of them had very specific criteria about who they wanted to play with.
Bob Moesta: That's right.
Dave Scott: So when when they moved away.
Dave Scott: there would be decades where they didn't play the game until that they reunited with that person or that group of people through this process.
Bob Moesta: Yep. And so part of this is, it's it's almost like a reunion ish in nature
Bob Moesta: like. So this is the struggling moment is like. Remember, when you used to play with your friends, the games. And and now life has gotten away from you like, how do we actually build up, you know, at some point like.
Bob Moesta: you know, when you're in your twenties you have a lot of time, but when you're in your thirties you usually don't have as much time. And it's kind of like, okay, I want to get back to those other days. And so it's this notion they would call it nostalgic. But it's really about the fact of being able to actually have control to break away
Bob Moesta: the day-to-day stuff
Bob Moesta: right? But you need to interview the people who joined the game and the people who led the game separately. They're 2 completely different markets.
Dave Scott: Okay.
Bob Moesta: And and you can end up realizing that there are people who will join the game who can ruin it. That's why everybody is so like the the person who's setting up the game is really picky because they don't, they want it to work.
Bob Moesta: And if somebody is too hard, or to whatever they're gonna they're actually gonna have criteria by how they do the 1st game. And my belief is over time they'll probably bring in harder people that they can do, but they want to get it down before. Let's say we're not gonna ask John this time, because John will just bitch the entire time about this. So we're gonna we're gonna do this a couple of times. And then we're gonna ask John in.
Dave Scott: Yeah, it's interesting. We also did fired interviews.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah.
Dave Scott: And what we found was the primary reason why a game did not happen.
Dave Scott: So these are people who bought the game but never played it was that they couldn't convince their friends to play it.
Dave Scott: Yep.
Bob Moesta: And so my belief is they're using the wrong words, and they're using they. They don't actually know why they're trying to get people together. And if you can actually build the marketing pitch for them to say to the friends like, Hey, remember, when we used to do this, hey? When we did that like, how about this is like, so you actually need to give them almost a sales kit to help them sell other other learners or other users or players.
Dave Scott: It was funny because I come from.
Bob Moesta: Have some guilt guilt to it right.
Dave Scott: Marketing.
Bob Moesta: Fine. But realize like that, like it's it's like, it's like, when we were kids. If you're not in, you're out.
Dave Scott: Yeah. So I was gonna ask you. So I come from b 2 b marketing. And where we talk about selling to the buying center, and so, like you'll have like a collateral for the Cso. Or the Siso or the cat collateral for the Cfo. When it comes to consumer. What does that sales Kit look like? That's where I'm stuck.
Bob Moesta: I. That's what I'm saying is, I think I think that there's 2. There's 2 2 buyers
Bob Moesta: right. There's the buyer who who wants to initiate the entire thing. And then there's then there's they have to go recruit a set of people to come. And so we actually have to think about them as the buyer and the user.
Bob Moesta: Right? So I would actually say, like, what are the jobs of the of the buyer of the game, and what are the jobs of the because the other users are doing it to like, reconnect, to spend some time together, to to figure out about their lives right? It's like most people are looking at people through Instagram. It's kind of like, how do we actually, you know, start a conversation again instead of just seeing other people's lives through Instagram.
Dave Scott: Yeah.
Bob Moesta: Right? And so so the thing is is like this competes with things like fantasy football.
Bob Moesta: Right? This like like there's times where, like, you know, who organizes the League and who actually run, is in the League like I. I want nothing to do with running a league. I might play in a league, but I don't want anything to do with running a league. For God's sakes! Do you know what I mean? So like that? That's the kind of separation you want to think about. And and again, I think you're competing with people who aren't necessarily interested in sports, or they might be getting bored with sports and want to do something else. This is a really good alternative for that.
Bob Moesta: So the the one reason why I think this is actually big is this is how many people want to play a game
Bob Moesta: with their friends. But can't
Bob Moesta: that that to me is when I can answer that question say, like, Oh, that's probably a pretty big market of people who would love to play. And I think they do it through video games. But I think when you start to lose your video game skills.
Bob Moesta: play anymore.
Dave Scott: All right. Yeah.
Bob Moesta: So so all of a sudden you're left with something else, and a little more intellectual, which is a little bit more mature.
Dave Scott: And we have a lot of multigenerational people, too. They're playing with their father. They're playing with their their son.
Bob Moesta: Or brothers or sisters are playing because they're now farther apart, and they can actually play. It's it's the equivalent, let's say, when I was a kid. It would be like playing chess with a friend. Who who's you know.
Bob Moesta: you know, you know. I'll say letters away where you we used to write letters and play chess. Yes, I did that. I'm sorry I was a geek, but yes, that's true.
Dave Scott: That's impressive.
Dave Scott: So so okay, so then, so your recommendation is, I do jobs to be done on play on players.
Dave Scott: on users.
Bob Moesta: I would think about the right name for basically the person who's leading it. And then the people who join it.
Dave Scott: Yeah.
Bob Moesta: And I would name it by how they name themselves. I'm the organizer, or I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the game master, or whatever. And so what's the jobs of the game? Masters versus the jobs of the participants?
Dave Scott: Yeah, we have this term in the industry called forever. GM, they're the people who always are running the game because no one else will will do it.
Bob Moesta: Well, and and that might be part of the burnout is that you actually have to teach them how to actually pass the baton to somebody else, because then they get sick of running it, but nobody else knows how to run it, because he does such a good, or he or she does a great job.
Dave Scott: Yeah, yeah, that's that's actually one of the insights we found. The jobs to be done was when people so you could play a dungeons and dragons game for years.
Dave Scott: and the GM. Gets burnt out.
Dave Scott: and then what they'll do is someone else will come in and go. Let me run a game of everyday heroes. It's a you know. It's a palate cleanser, and that's that we think is our natural insertion. Point
Dave Scott: to an organization, to to a. A, a party, an entity, that is.
Dave Scott: you know, 100% sold on our competition.
Bob Moesta: Yeah. So so
Bob Moesta: one of the things that I would think about. And again, this is might be a side par, but it's kind of like.
Bob Moesta: when do people get together? And when could they play the game together? That then it like seeds it so they can do it apart. And so what I'm thinking is like everybody's getting together for Thanksgiving. Let's do it. At Thanksgiving dinner. We actually play it together. We see what it's like, and then, all of a sudden, it's like, now we can actually play it separately, because we all know how the game works
Bob Moesta: right? And so it's like, like. And I'm thinking, like a reunion, I'm thinking, like a golf outing, I'm thinking, like a a work retreat. I'm thinking about like places where you could kind of get people together and say like, How do you? Because I think introducing it in person will actually be easier than introducing it remotely, but maybe not.
Dave Scott: So so you're it's funny, you say, that there are over 500 weekend gaming conventions in the Us. Alone.
Dave Scott: and it is one of our primary
Dave Scott: primary ways we adopt customers is that they try the game at a weekend convention. They love it, they take home, and then they convince their family to go play it.
Bob Moesta: Yep, I think that's exactly right. I think that that sounds like a very cause. I just think the notion of learning it new, and being able to get confident with it and Ca, and and knowing they can do it
Bob Moesta: like they need a almost like a place to try it without actually consequences. They don't want to be honest. You don't want the 1st time you play it, to actually be with your friends.
Dave Scott: Interesting.
Bob Moesta: Right cause they're they're they're taking a big enough risk trying to get them back together to do something that they haven't done before.
Dave Scott: Yeah. So the more confidence they've got that they can actually introduce it to their friends and enjoy. Have a good time with it.
Bob Moesta: That's right.
Dave Scott: The better they are.
Bob Moesta: Because you you might. You might build up tips and tricks for basically the the game masters. And here's some things you can do. Start it when you get advanced like, help them understand? They're getting better and and make sure that they're feeling the progress of every time they get together. It's another hour they spent with all their friends like you need to remind them of the progress they're making, because at some point it's gonna seem like it's a lot of work.
Dave Scott: So one of the things that we were thinking about is reorienting our messaging around that game master. And then also, we're gonna hire a professional game master. This guy named Troy Lavalley.
Dave Scott: He's got a Youtube following of millions of people to actually do a masterclass on creating an exciting and enter engaging game
Dave Scott: as the game master, and really sort of covet that game, master, that micro influencer, because they're the ones that actually do bring in the 5 other players that are required hadn't thought about the idea of actually doing that plus also focusing on the user.
Dave Scott: So that's interesting. That's an interesting insight.
Bob Moesta: So so there's another. There's another angle to all this which gets back to is, can you start to get the game, masters to be hired like I can hire a game master to run my event.
Bob Moesta: And so, all of a sudden, now it becomes a place where it's like I don't even have to worry about it. But I have. I've hired this guy. It's it's almost like we're we're gonna do a you know, a a dinner night. We're gonna actually everybody order from wherever the dinner is, we're gonna talk through this. And then then the the game master comes in and runs the game, so I can play just like everybody else.
Dave Scott: Yeah, we actually have a hundred 10 professional volunteer game masters that are at our disposal that can be hired through an app that we created, called dispatch.
Bob Moesta: So. So one of the questions I might start asking people is.
Bob Moesta: who do they miss the most
Bob Moesta: today?
Bob Moesta: Because that's the signal. That's the that's almost the thing of like God. What can I do to get closer to that person
Bob Moesta: right? And so, all of a sudden, this becomes, then the the again the question creates the space in the brain for the solution to fall into is like.
Bob Moesta: who do you miss the most?
Bob Moesta: And what are you going to do about it.
Bob Moesta: and just let it lie.
Dave Scott: Yeah, we also found we also found is, this is a really good tool for finding new friends. So we had a lot of interviews.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Dave Scott: We're coming and going, hey? I just moved to Austin, don't know anyone.
Dave Scott: And then I found my gaming group, and then I had a set of friends in this new area.
Bob Moesta: That's right. I think I think so. So again. The the good angle on that is is by a list of people who just moved to a certain area.
Bob Moesta: right
Bob Moesta: like, because again, it's it's the. It's the moving club, like, Go find the moving club for Austin, and say, all right, who I just moved here. What am I gonna do? And you basically get on their registry.
Dave Scott: There you go!
Dave Scott: That's cool.
Bob Moesta: 1. 1 of the reasons why we decided not to move is because it's so hard to make new friends. I don't want to move to Salt Lake City or Phoenix, and go like I. I got no friends
Bob Moesta: right.
Lilliana Robinson: That's so true, Dave. We have 1 1 more question before you have to wrap.
Dave Scott: No, I think this is great. Thank you very much.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, perfect.
Bob Moesta: I love it, Bob. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Thanks, Dave. Next is Collab.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm gonna put them up here.
Florence Ettlin: Hi, Bob! Hi, Bob! Hi! My name is Talitha, and I'm the CEO of Collab, and this is my co-founder, Flo. Nice to meet you. And what we're doing is basically for the small teams that manage short term rental properties. They're overburdened with responding to repetitive guest inquiries and being on call 24, 7 to handle all of their guests. And so we've developed an AI powered pocket concierge called Anna, and what she does is that she supports both the small teams as well as the guests, as well
Florence Ettlin: by providing them with property information. Local recommendations, executes on service requests, and also basically reroutes the complaint straight to the team for them to handle it. So the purpose is that she's really trying to provide operational efficiency to the team, and a delightful experience.
Bob Moesta: It's mostly for for Airbnb and Vrbo places like that, and it's I might own a few of them. So it's it's me it's somebody might own a couple of these different properties. And it's just balancing like the workflow between trying to basically rent these properties all the time.
Florence Ettlin: Exactly. Yes, and taking care of all those guests that are coming and staying. Yeah.
Bob Moesta: Got it. So. Have you talked to customers.
Florence Ettlin: Yes, so we've conducted quite a few done interviews, and we came up with 4 clusters. So the 1st one is, my team's expertise is being wasted. So this is primarily for property management companies that have quite large portfolios, and they feel like their team should be reallocating their time towards more impactful work so they can be utilizing their skill set better. 1st one.
Florence Ettlin: the second one is, the Newbies are encroaching, and I don't want to lose out to them. So this is a different set. This is for individual hosts and family or micro businesses that only have, like a few properties that they manage. And they're feeling the pressure of seeing, like a whole new set of amateur hosts that are entering the marketplace, and they feel the pressure of setting themselves apart
Florence Ettlin: from the competition that's rising.
Bob Moesta: Got it.
Florence Ettlin: 3rd one. It's.
Bob Moesta: Is is 2. Also the case where they're they're seeing less rentals. They've got less performance. They see more competition. It's it's like, okay. What else do I have to do? And they can't seem to find an edge to kind of figure out how to get it back to the level they had, or or they just feel the competition. But they haven't seen any real differences yet.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah. So they haven't really seen the differences or like impact on their actual business.
Bob Moesta: It's more feeling that that like this is getting tougher. I better step up my game so.
Florence Ettlin: Exactly that's good. And they really they really want to set themselves apart as being more professional than all those Newbies that just.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So the so the other part is to help legitimize me and make me seem more professional than everybody else.
Florence Ettlin: Exactly because you have to remember these individual hosts and micro businesses. They're competing against other amateurs. But also they're competing against the large Otas like booking.com and stuff. So they're trying to drive more direct bookings make themselves seem more professional like you, said.
Bob Moesta: Yep, yep, they're trying to legitimize themselves. Okay, that's 2. Alright 3.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah, number 3 is, I'm glued to my phone 24, 7. So this is actually across the board from property management companies to also the micro businesses. Essentially, it's not the volume of questions. That's the issue here. It's that they're constantly being disrupted, and their day is just broken up all the time. So they feel like the pressure of being on 24, 7, because of all the ad hoc questions that come their way from morning to night.
Bob Moesta: Got it.
Florence Ettlin: Last one is, my small team feels overwhelmed. But I don't want to hire more.
Florence Ettlin: This group is once again property management companies, and the key thing here is that they're trying to drive more cost, efficient operations, and that can come from 2 places, either one. They're having financial constraints as a business, or they're trying to like scale their operations. But they don't want to hire more people. They just want to keep.
Bob Moesta: This is where they want to do more with the same.
Florence Ettlin: That's it. Yes, exactly. That's the statement. Yeah, yeah.
Bob Moesta: So one is is like this is, but my team is doing a bunch of stuff below what they should be doing. Somebody's got to do it, but it's like, if we could get this off their plate because they're they should be out selling, they should be out doing other things. They shouldn't be answering some of these basic questions. So help me get my team to work it. The the way I see is the top of their profession as opposed to having them to do all, everything, from soup to nuts.
Florence Ettlin: Yes.
Bob Moesta: 2 is literally I'm a newbie, but like I feel, I feel pressure. But I want to actually see more professional than the other Newbies and help me legitimize my practice. So I actually will differentiate myself by being seen as more of a professional than just a just, an amateur doing this 3 is, I'm stuck to my phone, and I just can't like like there's just so much going on. I I don't have a breath like, Give me give me a way to like, break away from my phone, or at least give me some breaks. So I don't have to be on the phone 24, 7,
Bob Moesta: and the last one is, help me do do more with less, or with this, help me do more with the same or less.
Florence Ettlin: Yes. One thing I just want to add about number 3 is it's once again not the amount, but rather, I want to be able to spend time with my family, go to a wedding.
Bob Moesta: I wanna be able to unplug, unplug and and and kind of just like spend time, spend quality time right?
Florence Ettlin: Yeah, with other things in my life. Get back.
Bob Moesta: So I don't. So I don't have. It's really so. I don't have to worry so much. So I can actually go do these other things.
Florence Ettlin: Yes.
Bob Moesta: Not really about what they're gonna do. It's like, just make sure you free time for me.
Florence Ettlin: That's it. I want to work out. I want to spend time with my family. All these other things. Yeah.
Bob Moesta: Spend there.
Florence Ettlin: On cluster 2, the people that were in that cluster. They're actually not Newbies themselves. So they are actually already established in in the market, and then they see all the new people that come in, and they want to now set themselves apart and legitimize themselves compared to the Newbies.
Bob Moesta: Yep.
Bob Moesta: alright.
Bob Moesta: Where do you want? Where do you think you should focus.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah. So we did quite a deep dive analysis in the past days, because we wanted to really weigh the positives, negatives.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah, it's.
Florence Ettlin: Like we have access. So what we decided actually is
Florence Ettlin: number one would be the one that we would go after.
Florence Ettlin: And the primary reason there is that these people are really really having the strongest, one of the stronger, struggling moments. So they want to progress their business. But they can't, because the people are not being utilized, they should be number 2 and 3. The reason why we kind of
Florence Ettlin: thought maybe not. But we'd love to hear your thoughts is that actually we felt this. The pulls were way stronger than the pushes.
Florence Ettlin: So the want to be perceived. Professional, that was like a really strong. Pull but not such a strong push. Because competition is there all the time. So it wasn't like.
Bob Moesta: That's that's what that's why I don't like to. I don't like 2 is 2 is kind of a it's a realization, and it's not. There's no big trigger event to it.
Bob Moesta: It kind of seeps in. And finally, like, Okay, I got it. And they're just gonna reach for like a whole bunch of different things. And they're not gonna really they're not gonna know which one's which. But like, if you actually help with one and 3 like they'll they'll they'll find 2 will find you, but not. I wouldn't design for 2.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah. Yeah. And then number 3, the hesitations we have there once again. Actually, yes, there is a push. But there is quite a lot of inertia there. So people are like, Yeah, but it's okay. They're willing to almost accept the fact that this is part of their job. And yes, a guest might call them at 9 Pm. So they are almost like, let's not fix what's not what's not broken.
Florence Ettlin: So that's why we were a bit hesitant with number 3, or wanting to hone in on number 3. Once again, the pull actually outweighs the push. That's yeah.
Bob Moesta: I think I think there's a big push in 3. You might not, but the one of the big pushes here is like I don't have. I don't have enough time to spend with my family. I feel like I'm alone all the time. There's there's there's a lot of big emotional push around 3, in my opinion, but it might not be exactly the same. But I I feel like I've seen this job in other places, and it's it's they don't want to tell you about the push. They only talk about the pull, but there's actually a lot of push when you really digest it.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah, yeah, I feel like, with some of the conversations we definitely felt it. I think Jake just put it in the chat. One person said, you know I went to my Yoga workout class on a Saturday and had 9 missed calls from the guest, and I can't even work out for 1 h, so there's definitely some where we felt stronger pushes, but others where we felt the pull was way stronger.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Florence Ettlin: I want to.
Bob Moesta: And I would tell you that the the ones I want to go after is, I want the ones where there's a lot of push, and there might be a little pull, but you can actually shape the pull. But if there's a lot of pull and there's no push, it's 1 of those things where you end up into having trouble. Because, like they, they, it's all aspirational, and they can't compare it against something that you do today.
Bob Moesta: And so that's why like 2 is hard to sell to, because it's all aspirational.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah.
Bob Moesta: And it's not really like, they don't know what better is. But like, 3 is like, Yeah, I. I'm on my phone all the time. Now I'm not on my phone all the time. This is great, clear?
Bob Moesta: So
Bob Moesta: I think one is.
Bob Moesta: how do I say this?
Bob Moesta: So one is where the person who's running the rental business is is literally buying this for their team
Bob Moesta: right? And and typically they they. This is where you have to position it against like, what's holding you back? Why, why aren't you growing? How can how can you do more with like, I think one in 4 are actually very similar in that sense.
Florence Ettlin: Gonna be a question of ours whether you think they belong together? Is it one class.
Bob Moesta: No, I I think I think there, there! So think of! Think of one is I'm buying this for my team, and I'm pushing it on my team 4 is like, I meaning I. I want them to figure out what to do with it. Where 4 is like. It's very simple. I want to be able to add 3 more rental properties and not have to add any more people. It's very simple, and it's very different to me.
Bob Moesta: Right.
Bob Moesta: I, personally would start with 3.
Florence Ettlin: Okay.
Bob Moesta: Because here's the thing is in. The one of the main reasons is, if I can design it
Bob Moesta: to understand how to get people to get off the phone. It will feed all the other jobs.
Bob Moesta: And if you don't have that intimacy of understanding, what are the little day to day things that they're answering, that they don't really need to answer anymore, that you can automate. It will then feed to one in 4 as well.
Bob Moesta: It will feed to feed to 2. But like, if I can't solve 3, I'm not sure I can help anybody else.
Florence Ettlin: Right. That's the commonality across.
Bob Moesta: It's the commonality about it. And it's like. And and here's the thing is, it's the easiest sell, because they're buying it for themselves.
Florence Ettlin: Funny enough. Our 1st customers are in 3, but we thought that was just like a fluke chance.
Bob Moesta: Yeah. Yeah. Well, no, it's it's typically, because again, in one and 4, it's somebody buying it for somebody else. Where in 3 they're buying it for themselves
Bob Moesta: and making it work, and once they make it work they'll then either push it to one, or they'll push it to 4.
Florence Ettlin: But.
Bob Moesta: My belief is most of these people so like. So here's the, here's the ad I basically came up with, which is going to break 1st your rental business, your family, or your health.
Florence Ettlin: Oh!
Bob Moesta: Right.
Bob Moesta: and they they can relate to that.
Bob Moesta: And the thing is is, how do we give you time to work out? How do we get time to spend quality time with your family. This isn't about. This isn't about being covered. This is about getting getting back to some form of balance.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah, yeah. People there. Generally said, I want my life back. That was like.
Bob Moesta: Yup!
Florence Ettlin: Improvements that we heard.
Bob Moesta: By the way, what will people pay to have their life back
Bob Moesta: a lot more than basically.
Florence Ettlin: Just.
Bob Moesta: Sure I'm I'm I'm like in Job 2. It's a nice to have, and 3. It's an essential.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah.
Florence Ettlin: question about cluster one. So reason why we felt like there was a really strong push as well is because these people, basically they go through solutions, they actively look for it. They really are also tend to be a bit more tech forward, go after it, whereas in Cluster 3. It's still very
Florence Ettlin: mostly very analog. So they haven't digitized yet. So there is a bit of.
Bob Moesta: You're you're you're competing with excel.
Florence Ettlin: That's.
Bob Moesta: The the thing is, you're competing with Excel. To be honest, you're competing with the intern.
Florence Ettlin: Hmm.
Bob Moesta: Right. And so this is where you have to realize that that 3 is in a case where it's not an intern or it's not. It's like, it's not excel. It's like, I need to actually get something to help me get off of these things. And one is kind of like they're doing this. It's not great, but like, I don't know of any better alternatives. And so you still have to prove yourself more in one where I think 3. You're gonna actually, if you can just literally save them 5 min a day, they'll be happier than any like. If you get to an hour. They're going to be a static.
Bob Moesta: And so, like again, if I'm starting, I would start in 3, because I can know what to build and what to what to really focus on, because I have the buyer and user in the same moment. And then I can figure out. And it might be 3 months later. Then you can launch one, and then you launch 4 like, and you might think about it. Having to be different. Products like this is 3 might be, you know, personal and basically 1 1. When you go to Job one, it becomes like, you know, kind of the team side. And then 4 is about the corporate side, or something like that.
Bob Moesta: So you have the same basic product. But it now has different names, so they can actually understand how which situation they're in. So they buy by product.
Bob Moesta: So you actually, for like intercom, basically ended up forming 4 products around each job, and then basically then said, Which which product do you need? Based on these struggling moments? And then they could actually figure out which what they wanted, because it was very different products.
Florence Ettlin: Interesting.
Bob Moesta: Right. But I know most people want to build one product to fit all. But my belief is is, if you build 3, you'll know how to build it all. If you build one, you'll still have a trouble trying to get to 3,
Bob Moesta: because because
Bob Moesta: think of one. The reason why I don't like one. And this bad way to say it is like.
Bob Moesta: I've built enough product here where people just force it onto the team. Because, like, you guys aren't doing what you should be doing. Here's what it is, and they just throw it to them. And so the implementation on the other side is usually way harder than than Job 3. Where it's it's somebody who really wants to make them. They're internally motivated where one is. They're externally motivated by their boss.
Lilliana Robinson: Collab. We have time for one more question from you guys.
Florence Ettlin: Do we have any other question? I think you've answered everything already. Is there? Do.
Lilliana Robinson: That's amazing.
Florence Ettlin: I was just gonna ask, like, do you think we should put into our mind the fact that number 3, they're a little harder to access. So these are individual hosts and micro businesses, and it's quite hard to find them as well as to actually get to them
Florence Ettlin: versus number one where the discoverability is.
Bob Moesta: That's a great point. That is a great point. And to be honest, if you can't crack the way to get access to them. Then the fact is is that it's really not even available to you.
Florence Ettlin: No.
Bob Moesta: So. So here's the way I would think about it then is is, I would design it for 3, and maybe try to sell in one and 3 simultaneously, and see how that goes, because at some point they they might be more again. A lot of people aren't open to changing their ways when they until they're ready to break where they're willing to actually inject things into their team. And so, if anything, I would think about them one and 3 together, because 3 might be where you get traction. But
Bob Moesta: or one is where you might get traction. But 3 is where the where the most money is, they're gonna pay you way more money if you can save them time.
Florence Ettlin: yeah, right?
Florence Ettlin: Good, yeah, that makes sense.
Florence Ettlin: Okay, thank you so much. Bob that was super helpful, thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Awesome good job. Clam
Lilliana Robinson: alright. Last one that I am like volunteering before we open it up to the group.
Bob Moesta: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Lunar.
Lilliana Robinson: And then we're gonna open up to the group. So Agent Luna, I'm gonna give you guys like 8 min, just so that we still have time for everybody else.
Lilliana Robinson: so take it away.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: I'll pop my time so I can be respectful of everyone's time. Awesome. It's great to meet you, Bob. Thank you so much for
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: taking the time. So I'm Dominique. I'm CEO of Agent Luna, and I'm William the Coo and agent, Luna. We're closing the gap between outdated financial practices and the needs of a next Gen. Investor. And we do this by equipping financial firms with the tools they need to guide a new generation of investors on the wealth journey. How do we do that? Well, as a financial digital marketing expert, we're starting there.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: So I will briefly explain to you our jobs to be done journey which we have had
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: a lot of fun. I should add, Bob, we're very recent into a financial industry pivot, so I hope my 1st time doing that pitch, landed well.
Bob Moesta: We can. We can talk about that. Where? Where was it? Where was it before? Or is this your first? st This is like your 1st foray into financial the financial space.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: So when we joined techstars, we initially were targeting B to C serving Etsy sellers. So very, very different.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah, we learned very quickly that this is more of a vitamin, not a painkiller, and they don't have the willingness to pay. We started jobs to be done. Initially, we had real estate on one side, because Will's background is real estate. Wealth management started the process with real estate very quickly realized that
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: the energy wasn't there. And we're not the right people to solve it. So we thought, let's try out wealth management energy was there. So that's where we're at now.
Bob Moesta: Got it. And I and I I think that's like to be honest. This this is a very
Bob Moesta: common thing where you start to. You've got to find a group, 2 things, a group of people that struggle and a group of people you care about.
Bob Moesta: because if you don't care about them. You're not really going to build the best product, and the fact is, they have to be struggling, and though though Etsy Etsy Sellers are struggling, they're not willing to pay. They're willing to Macgyver their whole way through everything. And so the fact is not not as well where most people
Bob Moesta: like when they make money. They don't know what to do with it, and then they feel like they have to pay somebody to actually figure that out. And so ultimately they have to get, and they're not getting any financial education in college or or high school at all, or very little.
Dave Scott: So.
Bob Moesta: But most people are ill prepared for all that. So I think that's a it's a reasonable, though it might seem like they're way off. They seem really really close and buying a house. Most people buy 2 or 3 houses in their lifetime, so it's just not
Bob Moesta: frequent enough.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah, absolutely
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: jobs to be done. Process. So to give you the overview. We've now completed 13 in total. We also ran 14 discovery calls where we spoke to the investor just to because we're creating a digital tool where we help reach them. We wanted to just test that space. But I'm gonna focus specifically on the jobs to be done.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: The screening criteria. So specifically, wealth managers and boutique private bankers who within the past 6 months have either hired or changed their social media marketing agency or freelance social media manager, or they recently subscribed or switched their paid Saas platform.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: We also have some additional criteria that they have to be active at least 3 times per week to promote their brand or company.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: So there was 4 clusters in total. I'll quickly explain to you what those statements are. And then we can dive into which one we've chosen, and whether you think that's the right.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: So 1st statement, was, we're wasting time and missing revenue targets with efficient execution. So
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: really, the struggling moment here was that manual processes are slowing down marketing and sales which resulted in missed revenue targets. And what we learned from this process as well is that really that moment to purchase was that leadership was demanding an immediate action to streamline those Kpis. So forcing the team to invest. And I think around the motivation side, this was quite interesting because they don't socially, they don't want to be perceived as though they're failing to meet
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: stressed about missing those targets as well. There's a lot of cuts in banks. A lot of change over every year. Specific quotes as well. We're around, you know. We just need to be faster. We're too slow to market.
Bob Moesta: Yeah. So so part of it is is so again, it's not that. It's just too hard. It's the fact. This is their ability to actually try to plan and execute
Bob Moesta: is too slow that they can't, even if they say, Oh, we God, we gotta do something. By the end of next month. They're like, Yeah, we can't do that.
Bob Moesta: And so it's it's it's the aspect of they can't. They just don't have the capability to execute as fast on these things. And the things are they're not. They're not. They're not bigger. They're actually getting smaller and faster. And we can't cope.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Absolutely spot on
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: number 2 is we can't keep operating with outdated marketing systems. So you know, there's a lot of legacy systems that are hindering the marketing performance and integration with modern tools. Usually what you know, the struggling moment and the purchasing moment was really a failed campaign. There's a lot of leadership pressure. There's moments where they realize they've got to upgrade those systems.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: manual processes, resource intensive. And they're just very frustrated, you know quotes around our outdated systems of the bottleneck. Our systems don't talk to that. Not sophisticated.
Bob Moesta: So so this one, this one, I just would say,
Bob Moesta: you might want to go a little deeper, because one of the things that I find is like, like most people, it's kind of like putting gutters on your house.
Bob Moesta: Nobody really wants to do it. But like, when you actually find out. It's 1 of 3 reasons why people put gutters on their houses like they're looking to sell the house.
Bob Moesta: They're actually refinancing the house, or the fact is, they got water in the basement, and it's like one of those 3. And you start to realize, like, it's the aspect of if they had to replace them anyways, and they'll get more for the house. They'll do it. And so this is is when they say it's outdated. I think that there might be several different subsets of where it's outdated, because I'm looking to sell it, or I'm looking to buy, or I'm looking to, basically, you know, make it look better than it is, and it's that's fine. Because, again, most of these systems are 10 to 15 years old, and they don't even know
Bob Moesta: like they're finally looking at it, going like, if I own the firm I like, this is where you see in law firms where they only upgrade the software right before they're gonna buy, or right before they're gonna sell their their thing, because the only way to make it marketable was to upgrade it.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah, no. It's an.
Bob Moesta: So I don't know if that's the case into here, but I've I would just see if you could probe a little to see if there was some intent, because nobody just randomly fixes these things, there's got to be something that's happening that's really causing them to say, like, Okay, like, am I gonna lose my job.
Bob Moesta: They're so they're so outdated that I'm gonna lose my job. That's that's a legitimate reason.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah, it's.
Bob Moesta: Changing it, because oh, it's it's old. It's time like, yeah, everything's old in time.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: It's an excellent point, I think largely, it's it's that fear of the falling behind, and they don't have the right tools to execute correctly. So it's limited on what they can do with marketing. This they see.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: you know the fear of what's happening in the market very quickly, because I I know I only have 8 min.
Bob Moesta: Go ahead!
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: And.
Bob Moesta: Sorry.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: 2 more. 3rd one was I'm losing out on personalized marketing opportunities.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: They felt that the marketing campaigns aren't really resonating with with the clients. They're struggling to generate qualified leads. As a result of that, they see that the competitors are taking more of those clients from them. So really, they're motivated by the challenge of securing those high quality leads, but more in a functional perspective. They want to create more personalized campaigns to reach a younger audience and attract that new generation of high net worth clients.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Just for times. I'd love to hear your thoughts. Overall of number 4 was. Our sales and marketing teams aren't aligned. There was some funny quotes here that have some naughty words, so I won't share them.
Bob Moesta: I'm from Detroit. I know I know the dirty words. Don't worry.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah, there was this connect between the sales and marketing teams. I know this too well as well from from my time in banking, but ultimately it miss, it leads to misleads, and failing to close deals. Efficiency and time is everything. When you're trying to close these deals and poor collaboration, and leadership are not happy with it.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: So we have made the decision to go with cluster one the reason for that is, if we work backwards. Number 4, we feel that sales and marketing teams aren't aligned. That's not something that we can
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: change today or tomorrow.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: that it's very messy marketing and sales from a compliance perspective. The data is not talk to each other. So that's not something we can solve losing out on personalized marketing
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: personalization that lends us more into a paid ad space again, very difficult. In banking from a compliance perspective, we can change number 2. You've made a good point. We feel that this we want to go deeper to find out exactly what this means by outdated and archaic. But again, this is something that we're thinking longer term to scale to.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: So number one, we feel that we can have the most immediate impact in in the sense of working on the things that they just don't want to do, because they're inefficient, so we can help
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: increase that and take that from them, lilliana said. 1 min left, so I'll pause there, Bob, because we'd love to.
Bob Moesta: Yup, I I so I'm i i'll say I'm on the same page. I think one is is going to be the easiest place to start.
Bob Moesta: At some point that they feel like they're wasting time, and they can be very articulated. And and the value proposition is going to be very straightforward. It's like we can do this for you, and twice the time for half the cost, and so that that kind of aspect will be very easy to be able to understand and be able to design, because at some point these are
Bob Moesta: again, you're competing with excel. You're competing with the intern you're competing with temp agency. You're competing with A, with A, with a contractor of some sort. And ultimately the the real thing is is.
Bob Moesta: if they can, the the thing you'll need, though, is a diagnostic of some sort to help them understand. What like? Why are they wasting so much time.
Bob Moesta: so actually ask them a set of questions around, kind of like like, where are the real opportunities? So once they kind of lean in, you should be prepared to ask them a bunch of questions of where they think the where, where do you think the waste exists? Because this is this is a simple value proposition on reducing waste right
Bob Moesta: and and increasing speed, because that's the other thing is, they might be able to re reduce the waste, but they don't know how to actually increase the speed.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: This is super super helpful, because our new websites live tomorrow. And I'm certainly gonna take what you've said.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Work on a few copywriting edits there, Bob, which are really helpful.
Bob Moesta: So again, I I always start with a question. It's like, What do you need to get off your plate? But you can't.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Hmm.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: yeah, I'm frantically writing this down.
Bob Moesta: It's recorded. It's recorded.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. That's why we recorded it.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Thank you. Guys.
Bob Moesta: That's why we do it at some point. Every time you every time we talk you're gonna want to record, because it goes fast.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Bob Moesta: I don't really remember what I say. It's pretty much just all stream of consciousness for me.
Lilliana Robinson: Watch this back. Okay, Agent Leonard. Great job. I'm going to take you guys off the spot.
Bob Moesta: One more question, wait.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, sorry! Will. Go ahead.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Give me slide one more in. I'm so sorry.
Bob Moesta: Please, please.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Oh, it! It came from Annie, and also flow, and Talitha's conversation with you, too, around credibility and legitimacy, particularly with these boutique banks. And these new digital
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: funds that are popping up where they're they're up against big name brands like the Ubs's Jp. Morgan's of the
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: and a lot of them are wanting to get
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: thought leadership or things out to to give that legitimacy.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Is this something you you've mentioned to the other guys that it's not really. It's more of a realization, not a trigger event per se, more of a pull, not a push. Would you suggest in terms of
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: for us as well.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: just starting with this sort of audit or this diagnosed diagnosis of sorts, to begin with, and then figure out what type of
Bob Moesta: Yeah, because I think that's that's that's a a that's a very good cohesive thought, because I think the notion of falling behind
Bob Moesta: is in Job 2 like you can start to talk to people about. Well, here's what the leaders are doing. Are you falling behind? Right? And so that aspect of having some thought leadership, but I would I would. I would wait till you have some really insightful data and not be able to have stuff that, like everybody else, can kind of push out. And so it's these notion of. It's the intimacy of the of these corrections you're making, because
Bob Moesta: big banks have their own ways, and small banks have their own ways, and they're not really compatible. So like, if you talk to somebody who went from, you know, a Jp. Morgan or a Bank of America to like, you know.
Bob Moesta: you know, Michigan Credit Union, like, you're like, completely different kind of resources, completely different kinds of ways of thinking about it. And and ultimately, you know, the small boutique places are trying to actually figure out. And they they'll have, for example, Wells Fargo as an endorsement. But there's still a small shop, and so, providing that insights that that are going to be different will, I think, will come. But I think of that as a secondary or tertiary product that would come afterwards.
Bob Moesta: I think you really gotta. You really gotta help them stop wasting time and be more more effective.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Thank you so much. Thank you for giving us some time. Thank you.
Bob Moesta: Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Now we're now we're gonna jump into volunteers. So Monica volunteered. First, st I'm gonna do like, probably like 5 min each at 5 min. I'll let you ask a final question. Then we'll move on that way. We can do rapid fire to get through as many people who have questions or want help. So go ahead and raise your hand in the zoom room here just like cogniscope did if you want to be added to the queue. But we're gonna start with Monica.
Lilliana Robinson: And you can also ask Bob like anything. This is a kind of an ask me anything. You don't have to go through your clusters. It's a great opportunity to ask about the book or anything you guys want to know.
Bob Moesta: I've had people ask, how do I raise children and do startups so like there's just like, and there's no easy answer to any of those questions, by the way, but happy to happy to just share whatever I can.
Bob Moesta: Hi, Monica!
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Hi, Bob Nice to meet you. So my company is seascape clinical, and we have developed a Sas platform that helps Pharma companies run their clinical trials more efficiently through automating manual and repetitive tests. And so I wanted to dive deeper into one of my clusters. So our screening criteria was that was decision makers who purchased a clinical trial management system or Ctms within the past one to 2 years
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): and so cluster one job statement is when my clinical trial portfolio expands and my Cro can't keep up with my reporting needs. I want to address this with a solution that gives me a single line of sight across my trial portfolio and allows me to manage up to senior leadership effectively.
Bob Moesta: Yep.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): So
Bob Moesta: Surprise surprisingly whether you know it or not. I've actually done business in the space. I know the space.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Oh, that's great!
Bob Moesta: Well.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I was like.
Bob Moesta: Yes, that's that is Job number one. And I know that job.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): That's great, and I only had an Nf. 2 here. I did a total of 6 interviews, but I was a consultant in Pharma. And so I've seen this firsthand. So.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah, right.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah. So we know it's.
Bob Moesta: But this the but these people are worried about the portfolio. The fact is, is, they they've they've been doing it one off for a while, but now it's gotten a little bit out of hand. They need to actually kind of roll things together. They're not necessarily organized to do that. It's a very cumbersome process at the end of every quarter to roll it up and kind of say where it's at. They don't really have good status report on it. And ultimately the fact is, like we need to get a handle for the portfolio.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yep, you totally get it. So the problem is, the Ctms category is very saturated. And so from the beginning, my, you know, I had a blue ocean vision strategy of like, instead of calling ourselves Ctms, we call ourselves clinical trial Operations Automation Platform. Because in our case we're not just providing the transparency. We're also providing automation to lower the
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): workload. The problem is, when I did these jobs to be done, no one mentioned automation. No. One mentioned. They mentioned efficiency, but not lowering workload. So you know, I'm kind of at an impasse like
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I don't wanna categorize myself as Ctms. But that's what they're searching for right? So I wanted to ask you, like, strategically like, how should we position ourselves? How should we communicate in our marketing collateral? And it's a very big question, but I just wanted to open that up.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah. So the the so to me, I I have to go back to the to the real. So
Bob Moesta: so I've worked with the really, really big guys in this space, right? And so they're the they're the ones who are kind of really at the portfolio level. But there's a lot of struggling moments at the individual
Bob Moesta: trial level, like like the notion of of How do we like we? We need to add, like the fact is, is, they have certain standards for everything, and the reality is, there's some that can have exceptions, but they don't know what they are, and they don't know how to fast track anything. And so to me, I would think about the notion of
Bob Moesta: helping them, with the exceptions to the rule, as opposed to basically trying to manage. I think that the idea of try you trying to go in and help people manage their whole portfolio is A is is like.
Bob Moesta: typically they're gonna be big Pharma, if they've got a big portfolio. And they've that like
Bob Moesta: they've got big people aimed at them to help do that. It's the smaller farmer people that that really you want to be able to get to who don't have a big portfolio. But they they don't can't afford the big portfolio piece right.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah. So that's exactly who we interviewed and what my background is in. It's mostly in small medium pharma however, they still do wanna look over, even if they have 5 trials in their portfolio as opposed to a hundred like they still wanna look across all those trials.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): And.
Bob Moesta: And so the real question gets back to is, what's the struggling moment that they really have when? Because they can't see across it?
Bob Moesta: It's.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Scaling. It's like going from, you know. You have like 2 trials or 3 trials, and they're run by different cros, giving different formats of Reports to having 5 Trials, and just not having enough people and too much variation in Cros to look across.
Bob Moesta: So so this is really, actually so the the parallel here is I'm starting to scale, and the wheels are starting to come off the wagon.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yep.
Bob Moesta: And so so this is where you got to be able to say it's like, and and what they're trying to say is like we want to get bigger. But if we can't handle 5, we I can't get 3 more trials going, because at some point we got, we've got to get serious about this, but we're not big enough for, let's say, metadata. But we're we need something in between, because we can't afford metadata.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, so okay, metadata and viva and salesforce and stuff like, yeah, they're probably not looking there. But there are a lot of smaller players is still saturated at the smaller level.
Bob Moesta: Yep. Yep.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): They're not good like a lot of them are not good, but like you don't know that from the marketing collateral it always says single source of truth. It always says efficiency. So it's hard to even differentiate among you know in in your words as well.
Bob Moesta: Yeah. So so this is where they're gonna ask. Like, you said, they're not gonna ask for automation. They're gonna ask for efficiency because they actually don't. They're I'm gonna say this poorly, but they're just not smart enough to know what they need.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, Nope, that's true.
Bob Moesta: Right. And so and so part of this is, you have to give the. You actually have to introduce them the language and make the bridge between efficiency and automation.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yep. Yep.
Bob Moesta: You have to start to actually unpack some of those things, and and, to be honest, the the company I would look at that's very similar to this is intercom. Did this basically back in 2,000, 12,012,
Bob Moesta: where they were like the the simpler version of of Salesforce. They were a simple version of Hubspot. They were the simpler version of Zendesk. And so what happened is is they basically said, You know you all. You all want the big guys. But the big guys don't really care about you. This is the place you can start and we'll help you migrate to the to the bigger guys, and they ended up just keeping them forever.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, so do you think, Ctms like, should we even call ourselves that we have never associated ourselves with that.
Bob Moesta: I I would stay away from it because it's got so much, so much. It.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Baggage.
Bob Moesta: They're gonna they're you're they're gonna try to prove that you're not one.
Bob Moesta: And so my thing would be is to say is like, no, we're we're almost the. We're the half step before you go to Metadata.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay.
Bob Moesta: And so think of it as like again. You might be ready for metadata. But you're not ready for the price, and then what you do is you price yourself 80 60 to 80% of what metadata is, and they'll buy you as the 1st thing. And then what you do is you assure that they can transition to metadata very easily, though most people won't do it, because once it gets in, it's hard to get out.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yup, it's true. Okay, thank you. That validates.
Bob Moesta: As well.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): We've been doing. Yep.
Lilliana Robinson: Awesome. Thanks, Monica. We're gonna go to Cognisco.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: Hey, Bob, thank you very much for the insights. I'm finding this very helpful. Thank you for sparing the time. Coding scope is basically a psychometric data analysis platform for video games. And my question is, I have 2 really quick questions. The question number one is.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: we are at this position where the struggling moment and the buying decision power is not shared between the people that will interact with the buying decision of the thing.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: What do you think about that. How do we navigate.
Bob Moesta: So so, so this is, and and what I what my my stupid example is, if what I I worked for Mattel.
Bob Moesta: and if I designed the toy, the toys that parents wanted. Kids would never play with it.
Bob Moesta: and if I design the toys that I wanted like a flamethrower, my parents would never buy it. So somehow you have to find like you. In this case, sometimes you have to actually be the the interpreter between the 2 and kind of go like, look, you want this, and you want that. Here's where your common space is. This is how we could help
Bob Moesta: right? My mistake was as I started design for the users, and then I got nobody to buy it, and then I designed it for the buyers, and then the users just had a hard time using it. And so you gotta actually think about both the buyer and the user as separate jobs, separate sets of jobs and be able to align them where or show where they're misaligned. Right? Like the parents want something that the kids gonna learn
Bob Moesta: right? The kids could give a shit if they learn anything or not.
Bob Moesta: Right. And so part of it is, how do we actually talk about the right set of features of oh, this is this is emerging. This is this, that we we actually have the same product. But we talk about it completely, differently, to the kid and to the to the parent.
Bob Moesta: Does that help.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: Yes, very much. And then the follow up to that would be. I saw when you were talking about collabs clusters. We were talking about
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: the imbalance between the amount of push and the pull that there was in one of their clusters. So we're looking at it from our perspective. When we have 2 different segments or 2 different screening criterias where we have to do separate jobs in interviews for, and then find some alignment between the clusters. How do we incorporate
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: the forces into that? Do we put all of the forces into a single thing, and then try to work? Oh, my God! You did some magic.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, I'm gonna do this. And then we're gonna do this. And there we go. Hi.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: And then the same.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It took this long to get him to do.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: Yeah. And then the same question goes along for the energies as well, like the social, functional, and emotional energy side of things.
Bob Moesta: And it it. I'm just say, there's, let's say, job, a job, B, job, C and Job D, right.
Bob Moesta: And this is where and I didn't say on user job, I have job or one job 2 job 3, just so we know that these are different user jobs than they are buyer jobs, and it might be 3 and 4, 4 and 3 whatever. But ultimately you start to realize, like people who are buying this way don't have users here or here.
Bob Moesta: And so you know that this buyer has these skewed towards this job where Job A might actually do album. But they might not do job 3.
Bob Moesta: And so you start to realize, like, at some point, there is an alignment between the people who are buying the people who are using and that you need to figure out kind of almost like what are what are out of bounds. And then where's the place to start? And so to me it'd be like, I want to start at this one. And I'm going to start at this one
Bob Moesta: and the rest of them. I'm gonna figure out. But if I do these 2, this will help me basically get this will help me get this thing this way, and it will help me get this one, maybe that way. And so it's being able to understand where is the most?
Bob Moesta: And I think about as where's the most push, so like you could think of pushes and pulls in here.
Bob Moesta: and and basically think of
Bob Moesta: pushes and pulls of the other, and kind of say, like, what does this really look at from a buying situation because it turns out like, even though there's 16 possible ways, it happens in reality, it only happens 3 or 4 different ways.
Bob Moesta: right? And so that's where we have to look at, not permutations and combinations, but more like the patterns of how did people actually buy it? And how did they end up using it?
Bob Moesta: And then you can actually kind of match that up.
Bob Moesta: This is why b 2 b is so much harder than B to C, because B to C is the buyer and the user are the same person.
Bob Moesta: So like, it's more, it's more work. But like this will be insightful to realize like, we're gonna start here. And we're gonna start here. And then basically from that, we're gonna see whether we wanna like really dominate job one over all of these
Bob Moesta: user jobs? Or do we want a job, you know, take buyer user a and basically dominate this way.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: And then a really quick question. I guess we have time right.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah. Keep asking until lilliana tells you. No, you just keep asking.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I'll give you a minute a minute warning in a second.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: Cool, cool a question that's solely not related to this. Do you think that there is a time for like jobs to be done is basically trying to find the demand side of things right? Do you think that in an entrepreneurial journey there's a point where it's too early for someone to do jobs. This is not something that we feel for.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: My team. But this is something that popped into my mind when I read the demand side settings.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah. So so the the thing is, is that what I would tell you is the reality is is I. I believe, that the jobs are actually more static through space and time.
Bob Moesta: So like, if I look at a job I saw today, I saw it 20 years ago, and I can see it 20 years from now.
Bob Moesta: And so most jobs actually have have longevity to it of like Help me be more efficient. Help me help me be help me help me do more with less right? It's been around forever, right? It's it's the underlying context around it that changes. And ultimately as an entrepreneur. It could be too early because you don't have a product yet, but the way I would end up doing it is talking to people
Bob Moesta: who would fight. What would they if your product comes out?
Bob Moesta: What would people fire
Bob Moesta: if if you were there already?
Bob Moesta: And so, for example, I worked on at at Facebook, at the time it was Facebook. It was a Facebook marketplace.
Bob Moesta: and we found people on messenger selling shit like somebody selling their drums on on Facebook, on Facebook messenger, like they did a post. And then you could see the message. And you're like, Wait, what's going on here. And so what we end up doing is going well. Maybe we could turn this into a a platform to do transactions. So we went and literally interviewed 3 different types of people. Well, 3 people who basically set up accounts on Etsy.
Bob Moesta: Ebay and Craigslist.
Bob Moesta: So what job does this are you setting this up for? And what are you trying to do for the sellers? And then we did the same thing for the buyers, and out of it we figured out everything we needed to do, and all the struggling moments, and literally built Facebook marketplace without. And one shot. It was 4 billion dollars out of the hat in the 1st year.
Bob Moesta: Right? And so. And what we did is we just said, if we're doing this really well, people won't go to ebay, they won't go to Craigslist. They won't go to Etsy. They'll come to Facebook.
Bob Moesta: and it's turned into being more like a a Craigslist competitor than anything else. But it's still. It's a way in which to learn about what you need to build. So you could say you were too early to do jobs. But what I would tell you, you're too early to do jobs on your product. But you can do, you can do jobs around the analogous products that people are gonna stop using.
Bob Moesta: Thanks, a lot.
Filiz Yönyüksel | CogniScope: It was great. Thanks.
Lilliana Robinson: Great. That's perfect. Okay.
Jake Gutstein: Follow up question there.
Bob Moesta: I I need to see Neil. There, Neil, Neil, keep your camera on like I I like, I just I feel like you're 10 years younger man like like, who's this young Neil man.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Wait! What would I do?
Bob Moesta: You're motivating me to shave my beard. For God's sakes, I can't believe my wife hates it when I shave my beard, but we're gonna I'm gonna.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Together.
Bob Moesta: So I get to do it.
Bob Moesta: Look at that! Wow!
Lilliana Robinson: Go ahead, Jake, I'll add you to the
Lilliana Robinson: you've got.
Jake Gutstein: I don't need to be up here. But, Bob, I have a question there. So if you're interviewing people who have used a product that's analogous to yours. Do you recommend interviewing success journeys or fire journeys?
Bob Moesta: I would. The thing is is, if you get a fire journey like people who fired at sea right? It's the it's the notion of I'm gonna get the reason why they hired and the reason why they fired it. So I'll get 2 stories so.
Jake Gutstein: Where would you start, though? So like, if you're very early stage.
Bob Moesta: I'd start with. Why, people hired face Etsy, I would I would start with the hires first.st
Jake Gutstein: Happy with the outcome.
Bob Moesta: That's right, and then and then find out the fights like the way the way I think about growth is is it's a 2 sided coin. I gotta get more people to stay. And I got to get less people to leave
Bob Moesta: right. And so I gotta. And I usually start by how to get more people in, and then I started to work on the leaky bucket.
Bob Moesta: cool.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright. Newark.
Lilliana Robinson: 5 min.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Nirat Attri: So thank you so much for all of this like all all of these questions that I had I've already gotten answered. So that's
Bob Moesta: That's nice.
Nirat Attri: So about
Nirat Attri: about us. So we're health blocks. We're trying to build a platform that allows healthcare stakeholders to build solutions easily. And we do it by allowing them to build it around the patient's health record and make it actionable. So data and healthcare is siloed. We're trying to bridge that gap by allowing people to build journeys that are centered around it.
Nirat Attri: I think.
Bob Moesta: Right, based on what you said. I'm in like, I have so much data health data that I I have to integrate it myself right now.
Bob Moesta: So please.
Nirat Attri: The yeah, that's the that's the that's the ask. That's the challenge that we've taken on. So primarily, we have traction right now with telehealth companies that are trying to monetize their business around the health record. And we have traction with service companies that provide services to doctors, and they want to use the data that they already have for the patient within. The electronic health record.
Nirat Attri: my question is primarily to do with doing jobs properly when it comes to stakeholders that are meant to champion your product. And you need to get into their emotional cues a little bit. So what tends to happen is what we have encountered is people tend to box up a little bit, because I mean, when it comes to the emotional energies that you have to get into on the b 2 b side. So they're like.
Nirat Attri: I'm not really comfortable talking that way about my boss or the person that's going to make that decision for me. So we've gotten some key insights where, like one of the people that is leading operations was like, Hey, you know what me? I'm 62 years old. I want to retire. So I just want a solution that's convenient. But whenever it comes to somebody that has to champion it because they're the user. So they they can talk about it. But a champion I don't really get into the motivations really. Well, so how do you navigate that.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So so the way that I try to navigate it. And and again, I start by talking to people who recently bought something similar, right? And and ultimately, what I want to do is I actually, I I do a I was talking with Ryan Singer about this this morning is, we need to do like a stakeholder map
Bob Moesta: to understand who are the people that are involved in the decision making. And ultimately you want to find there's usually only one, maybe sometimes 2. But think about the person who's willing to take the the political risk. To put something new in
Bob Moesta: everybody else is literally there to say no.
Bob Moesta: and there's usually only one person there to say yes.
Bob Moesta: And so what you want to do is start to like, think of it as being you're you want to extract the real story of how that new product got into that place, because
Bob Moesta: the reality is is 9 9 out of 10 people did not want it.
Bob Moesta: Hello!
Bob Moesta: And so what you have to do is realize I have to talk to the person who actually is the fuel. They're the push and the pull of why they want it. And then you need to actually ask about what are the anxieties that the rest of the team had, because it's not that the team has to say yes, the team just has to say, not no
Bob Moesta: right. And so when you start to look at it from a perspective of like, how do I get everybody to say? Yes, you're screwed because not everybody's gonna say yes, but not everybody's gonna say no, either. So this is where you have to understand. Where are the thresholds, where people are? Gonna say, no, and that's all you really need to learn about, because at some point the the most of the people will never take the risk to put it in. But they're they're more about the anxiety forces of why we shouldn't do it, and why we shouldn't do it now.
Bob Moesta: And so ultimately hearing. So this is where I would start the the conversation, to hear, to say, like, All right, look!
Bob Moesta: I don't want to know names. I don't want to know products. I just want to hear the story, like in all its all its glory, of what? What happened? Because at some point I need to know the social, emotional pieces. Because if I just talk to you about the functional pieces of what has to happen for you to buy the product. We're gonna get some of it. But but we all know, hospitals are very emotional, right? This is all a very emotional thing. And so ultimately, what what in the world were you putting at risk to put this in.
Bob Moesta: and they'll tell you. But you gotta start the story from the emotional and social perspective as opposed to tell me how you bought this product
Bob Moesta: right.
Bob Moesta: And they they. And if you can build that rapport fast enough, they'll tell you way more than you think they will
Bob Moesta: about the emotional stuff. And and again.
Bob Moesta: the the way I kind of set it up is to say, like, I don't really need to know names of Who's Who was against it? Who was for it. It's more. I just want to know that there was a person in a department that basically had these objections that you had to overcome.
Nirat Attri: I think one question like just to follow up on like like, what cogniscope also mentioned? Then
Nirat Attri: how do we find our way to the person that said, Yes, because if I'm if I'm talking to the wrong person who was
Nirat Attri: part of the journey, but wasn't the decision maker?
Nirat Attri: Yes, they'll have.
Bob Moesta: Tied to it. They're like I signed the check.
Bob Moesta: Like. Well, who told you? Who told you to sign a check? Oh, you know.
Bob Moesta: you know Julie told me to sign the check.
Bob Moesta: Well, what did Julie say? Okay, we got to get to Julie
Bob Moesta: because there's somebody making the case. You're trying to find out who's the person making that like. So the the way I would really look at this is
Bob Moesta: no product ends up randomly in anybody's company.
Bob Moesta: It's just like it's it doesn't like magically appear, there's shit that has to happen. And so if we can actually figure out like, how did this product end up in your company and start with that conversation. That might be what the it might be that you're starting to formally. And you need to start more informally like, how did this get here?
Bob Moesta: Like, I'm I'm gonna play Sherlock Holmes. And I'm gonna go like, what in the heck, how does this get into your system? When literally 90% of the stuff that you try to buy. You can't even buy.
Nirat Attri: That's so true. That's so true.
Bob Moesta: So here's the thing is, there's a couple of reasons why I hate the medical field. It's a very hard field, because at some point in time. It's actually run more by the legal than the medicine people.
Bob Moesta: in my opinion, that's my opinion. And so what you realize is that like going to the doctor like I take care of my mother-in-law, and one of the things is like going to the my mother-in-law can't understand one word the doctor says, and then I have to actually understand and interpret it for. And it's all of these different things. But yet I can't get the doctor to say anything in practical terms, because they're they're too afraid of the risk.
Bob Moesta: And so this is where again you you have to. You might have to have the conversations literally off the record, or in some way being able to get, because they don't want to get caught in complaining about something.
Bob Moesta: So this is where you go. You know what I'm going to turn off the recorder. Let's talk about this and don't record it.
Bob Moesta: It's in that sign of not recording helps you basically build the trust to say, like, you can tell me, because I just want to hear. I need to hear the truth, because
Bob Moesta: the the thing that most of these people will tell you is if we don't learn the truth, we can't figure out how to help you. And so they're gonna want to tell you the truth, so you can actually build something for them.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, that's our time here.
Nirat Attri: That's golden. Yeah, thanks. Bob, like, just wanted to say that like the the book changed my life like I was just so afraid of sales and technical in nature.
Nirat Attri: But I just wanted to thank you for.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, when you, when you reframe it as helping people, it's just so, it's so much fun to do. The the problem is that the management pushes us to have a quota on it, and the reality is like I could always beat my quota because all I end up doing is helping people. It's it's way easier than you think it is. So that's great. I'm glad it was helpful.
Bob Moesta: That's really nice to hear it.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, George, you're next.
Bob Moesta: George.
George Reed - Noetic: Thanks. Hey, Bob, this is fantastic. Thank you so much. I agree with what Nira was saying. All the the books, and all the extra content that we've got here is
George Reed - Noetic: incredible stuff. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Sorry to interrupt. George is also he lives in Japan.
George Reed - Noetic: He's pretty familiar.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You're out there.
Bob Moesta: I'm I'm I'm headed to Japan in December, so maybe.
George Reed - Noetic: When are you leaving.
Bob Moesta: For a beer in Tokyo.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah. Yeah. When when are you leaving Japan coming back?
Bob Moesta: I I leave I think I get there like the 6th or the 7.th I don't know. Whatever the demo day is. I'm gonna do it the day after that, and then I'll be there that entire week, and then I come home the 13.th
George Reed - Noetic: Oh, okay. I might
Bob Moesta: You might not be here.
George Reed - Noetic: Crossed.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah.
George Reed - Noetic: In New York, at that.
Bob Moesta: That's right. I'll be. I'll be. I get back to Japan at least once a quarter now, so I'll be there quite often.
George Reed - Noetic: Oh, amazing! Please, please, I'll I'll definitely keep in touch and ask you, because that'd be so cool. Yeah, so yeah. So, George, founder of Noetic, and we're building an AI agent that bridges your company and market and enables, or by enabling an ongoing conversation with your customers with your market. So what I've got is a kind of more of a tactical question. So I've had a really really hard time.
George Reed - Noetic: finding my meeting my screening criteria and finding the
George Reed - Noetic: people who've this is the thing because George has been helping me. And we were on a call yesterday together, and he's been really helpful with them, helping with the message yesterday. But
George Reed - Noetic: I find it.
George Reed - Noetic: What I'm thinking now tactically, is to find these people who have purchased a competing or a similar product, and.
George Reed - Noetic: as George said, either stopped using or started using.
Bob Moesta: Yeah.
George Reed - Noetic: Because it's so difficult, like the hunt, as Neil calls it. Maybe going through like review sites or something. Would you recommend that to try and find people who definitely purchase.
Bob Moesta: The thing with reviews is like.
Bob Moesta: I feel like when you look at reviews like on Amazon. They they give it a 2 star, because you know it arrived late, had nothing to do with the product. Right? So you have to be careful about reviews. So one of the things I'll tell you is is.
Bob Moesta: think about it almost in a larger like. So who are you selling to.
George Reed - Noetic: So right now, my screen criteria is consumer insight. Managers within larger organizations. Who within the last 6 months have purchased a qualitative
George Reed - Noetic: research automation tool.
George Reed - Noetic: and there's no extra. I've removed the extra like they should have faced business impacts. I'm I'm.
Bob Moesta: Yeah.
George Reed - Noetic: Trying to be a bit more broad.
Bob Moesta: So when when I so
Bob Moesta: it almost feels too granular, like, like qualitative research automation kind of thing.
George Reed - Noetic: Hmm.
Bob Moesta: Like. The one of the places I might start is just talk to consumer insights, managers, and say, what are the top 3 tools you've bought recently. And why'd you buy them?
Bob Moesta: My belief is you'll learn a way more from understanding, because it's almost like they're buying process for all of it is gonna be the same. But it might be. One is about speed, and one is more about, you know, growth and another one's about something else, and then you can start to look at how you can position your product to fit in one of those categories. But almost take it a little bit higher, because so like, for example.
Bob Moesta: when we started at salesforce, one of the things we did is we just started to interview people. We'd say Crm. And people would like they they were sie Bowl like a. But ultimately what we did is we talked to big organizations, and when they bought any new multi
Bob Moesta: multifunctioned piece of software, an Erp, a cr, any of that stuff. And once we actually found out kind of like how they bought it. Then we could actually then figure out the way to sell it
Bob Moesta: because it bought. They bought all these big systems in a very similar way, and it didn't really matter whether it was a Crm. Or whether it was accounting or whether it was strategy. They were all cross functional tools, and they bought in a very similar way.
George Reed - Noetic: That makes a lot of sense that really maps onto what I was starting to feel.
Bob Moesta: So it's not. It's not wrong. It's not wrong to think about it. But the fact is, one signal, I'd say is qualitative research. Automation is like. That's your words, not theirs, because if they're not resonating with it, they don't know what that means.
George Reed - Noetic: Absolutely. Yeah, yeah. I mean, I think consumer insight managers. They they market researchers essentially so they wouldn't know. And I mean, you're a market researcher, too.
Bob Moesta: And so.
George Reed - Noetic: You, you could probably glean what I'm talking about from that. But yeah, it's too, as you say, too granular. So.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah, it's it's not wrong. It's not wrong to start there because you want to be there. But like, you have to realize, like what this is. The the facts that it's telling you is the the language you're using isn't resonating. And and let's start. Let's start with it. Because again. I think consumer insight managers need. They have, in my belief they have too many tools, and they don't know which ones to buy. They don't know how to get rid of them like they need almost like the
Bob Moesta: the app would say, what do you subscribe to? So we can stop the subscription, because my belief is they have subscriptions to 20 things they don't use right.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah, I like that. That's cool. Yeah. You know, you definitely know, that is a problem. They buy things. They're spending all this money every year, and no one uses them, and it's like a huge headache they hate saying.
Bob Moesta: Well, they gotta learn it, and they got turnover. And it's like all those kind of things. So my thing is is like, I would actually just I I'd actually start a little higher and go like, what are the struggling moments that consumer insight manager have? And what? And then, if we can understand the the like 2 or 3 tools that they bought recently, that that you could say what the and why they bought them. You can then kind of figure out how you would actually kind of slot yours in there.
George Reed - Noetic: Okay, this is brilliant. Thank you so much. Yeah, I think that's a great answer. So I'll leave the time for other people. So cheers.
Lilliana Robinson: Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright, Annie, and then, if anyone else has a question, we'll still have time for one or 2 more, so go ahead and raise your hand. If
Lilliana Robinson: if you have a burning question, go ahead, Annie.
Annie Brown: Yes, so something that you said to Monica triggered a question to me because
Annie Brown: we hadn't really thought about bringing into our marketing. But our a lot of our 1st customers are smaller companies, so small to medium size social media platforms that are looking to grow to, you know a a bigger. And I think one of the reasons why they work with us. And I want to dig more into this on jobs to be done is because
Annie Brown: they are smaller. And they feel like these bigger data annotation companies just don't care about them at all. And don't focus in on like their needs.
Bob Moesta: So.
Annie Brown: Would you advise bringing like leaning into that, and bringing that into the the marketing? Or is that or cause? I know that some sites like
Annie Brown: have, like different verticals for small businesses for big businesses. But as our go to market strategy should we just lean into, you know the fact that we serve these medium sized platforms.
Annie Brown: Yeah.
Bob Moesta: I I think I would lean, I would lean into that, and, to be honest, I would. So in this is gonna sound a little strange. But in in the early stages I just wanna eliminate more than I include. So it's like, who am I gonna eliminate? And it's like, all right, we're not gonna talk to them. Okay, let's let's see, like, let's go investigate. These are these people in or out. And it's like being able to kind of. But I I think it's really important in the beginning. We have way, way, better language to talk about what's out than what's in
Bob Moesta: right. And as you get closer and closer and you get clearer and clearer, then you can talk about what's in and and what's what, how good it has to be.
Annie Brown: Okay? So by what? When you mean by language, you talk about what's in that would be the we serve vm, size, because we do. Xx and X.
Bob Moesta: That's right, because, yeah, exactly. And and then ultimately, the fact is, is like, we don't serve these people because they have this and that they, they have these needs that we're not going to basically be able to get to.
Annie Brown: Okay.
Bob Moesta: Because the thing is is what's gonna happen is somebody's gonna come that's gonna be outside the scope, and then you're gonna bend over backwards, and then it really screws up your entire roadmap, and if you can eliminate them now and say like, it's not no forever. But for the next 24 months. We're focused on this. And if somebody comes along, here's what we're gonna do, because
Bob Moesta: it will happen. And you you want to make sure that you're not distracted.
Annie Brown: Yes, yeah, I think that's that's happened before. So it's kind of cool to know like that. There's a framework to kind of push those to the side, or just say not not now.
Annie Brown: Okay, cool.
Bob Moesta: Thanks.
Annie Brown: Super helpful. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Awesome. Does anyone else have any final questions? Otherwise we can turn the time to bob for some final thoughts.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. Based on everything you heard, Bob. Any general read or feedback for the group.
Bob Moesta: Well, 1st I have a question for the team.
Bob Moesta: I wanna I want to get some feedback on George.
Bob Moesta: Has George been helpful for you guys?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It will ask the founders, how's George doing.
Bob Moesta: That's what I'm saying.
George Reed - Noetic: He is a.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: He doesn't.
George Reed - Noetic: Bulb.
George Reed - Noetic: George is so good. Is he here? Where is George?
Lilliana Robinson: He's on the call right now.
George Reed - Noetic: Agent.
Bob Moesta: All right. I just wanted.
George: Hairy white.
Bob Moesta: Sorry I gotta. I'm gonna I'm gonna embarrass him, but I don't care.
Bob Moesta: What do you mean? He's so good. What is he good at?
George Reed - Noetic: So on point like he understands jobs. And he's like so helpful, so sincere like yesterday. Honestly.
George Reed - Noetic: Well, more than me, George. Other George. Yeah. And just like, yeah, brings good energy. So professional.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm not gonna settle with that. He wants specifics. He wants.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah, okay.
Bob Moesta: I need a specific. Those are. So that's what I call pablum language. It's all nice.
George Reed - Noetic: Problem okay.
Bob Moesta: What the fuck does that mean?
George Reed - Noetic: Sorry problem leads into. So yesterday, like George and I were
George Reed - Noetic: on the jobs to be done. Call, I've done, let's say
George Reed - Noetic: 5 of them before completely wrong. I knew it. I didn't know why
George Reed - Noetic: George was able to basically sit there with me and guide. We sat together in the room, guide back and forth and like it finally started to click. Also Jake.
George Reed - Noetic: Jake and Neil, like you guys as well. Some of the things you said really made sense, too. But yeah, like, it's finally starting to click. And now I've got more info. But it's been so hard to overcome the inertia of the kind of old ways. Yeah. And George is like, very good at sort of gently saying, guiding me back in the right direction, because I mean he wouldn't say it, but
George Reed - Noetic: you could probably tell I was not on point with it.
Bob Moesta: So. 1 1 of the reasons why I bring this up is, I think you should do this as a group more often is. The fact is, everybody has imposter syndrome. I have imposter syndrome.
Bob Moesta: and the fact is, is, at some point George knows these things, but he doesn't need like he needs to hear that he knows these things, and he's been helpful. At the same time. We all need that feedback. We all need to know that we're doing the right things. We're breaking the best decisions we can. And and ultimately, it's like, I. I'm I'm pulling George out because I know him. But I would say, anytime, you guys have an all hands. You need to pick somebody and just celebrate them
Bob Moesta: because it's it's like everybody here doesn't feel like they should be here. But everybody should be here.
Bob Moesta: That makes sense.
Bob Moesta: Thank you, George.
Bob Moesta: George. Can you tell? Yeah, George Henkel, can you tell me what it's been like to be there.
George: Yeah, thanks, Bob. And thanks, George. It's been amazing a culture shock. At 1st I was in a completely different industry, and, you know, quit my job and made a few moves, but the learning the way everything is taught, and then being able to see it applied at 12 different businesses with 20 different types of people is
George: invaluable, invaluable. For sure, it's been great.
Bob Moesta: So I just wanna I'm gonna do this. You guys can't see this. This is my next book called Job Moves.
Bob Moesta: And what I've been doing is, I've been studying what what like think about is what causes people to quit your company.
Bob Moesta: or what causes people to quit any company, and how do they choose when they're going to go somewhere else?
Bob Moesta: And so, George, the reason why George is here is George and I sat down about a year ago and started going through this process about what is George good at? What does George suck at?
Bob Moesta: What is what? Where does he really want to go. What does he want to do? What gives him energy? What sucks is energy? And we took all almost a whole year to inventory all these things, while he's literally at the shittiest job in the world.
Bob Moesta: But the reality is, is trying to actually figure out kind of like. And, to be honest, I wanted to stay as long as possible, because I want them to have
Bob Moesta: almost like to feel the pain of like. This is what it's like when you don't make good decisions. And so ultimately he was able to kind of frame it out. And, to be honest, he, he! He went and said, like, I'm gonna quit this job. I'm gonna get a side job. But I'm gonna actually go here to tech stars because this is where I want to be. And ultimately he had to talk to lilliana. He had to talk to Neil. He had to talk to everybody else to get in, but the notion is is like at some point. He's somebody who's exactly where he should be, and doing exactly what he should do. And that's why he's so good at this.
Bob Moesta: This is actually not work for him is my belief
Bob Moesta: right? And so this is the way I want you to start to think about as you start to scale up. The fact is, is, you need to think of employees as your job as the employer is to help them make progress while they help you make progress.
Bob Moesta: and you need to reflect on that.
Bob Moesta: And so this book, when this book comes out, I'll make sure I'm gonna ship I'll ship a set of books to to you Neil, so everybody will get a copy of it. But I want you to read it. Not only like my belief is, you became an entrepreneur for a reason. It's important to know why. And that's part of what this is, but it's also to know why people would join your startup, so you can understand how to help them.
Bob Moesta: Right? Because I think George will eventually will be a founder. But the reality is, he's not ready to be a founder now. And so this is actually a really good half step for him to learn how to be a founder and help and do what he loves to do already.
Bob Moesta: That's why is, it's like it. It feels natural for him to be there. But the reality is like it was a lot of design decisions we did to get there.
Bob Moesta: So I just wanted to make sure you shared like you. You need to understand, Neil, or I'm sorry. George is a very special person, but at the same time the reality is like everybody's special. But you need to take the time to figure out what motivates you.
Bob Moesta: That's my! That's my closing talk.
Bob Moesta: And again.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Out here dropping 3. He's like, Steve Kerr. Yeah.
George: Gee!
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, I got one more question for you. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that was awesome, Bob. 1st of all, man, you're.
Bob Moesta: I love.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: One my friend.
Bob Moesta: Don't have to.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, I know.
Bob Moesta: By the way.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I know.
Bob Moesta: Did anybody want to do this one on one, or did you all enjoy yourself watching this for 2 h.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You gotta be careful, Bob. They're all gonna take you up on that.
Bob Moesta: That's what I'm saying. Like I'm I was looking forward to this, and being in person that it was like, Oh, my God! And then, when I couldn't do it, I'm like I'm only gonna get cause I know I'd get another 4 h with everybody right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, this.
Bob Moesta: We might have to fill.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We'll we'll rope you in.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. Yeah. And and by the way, Bob, I I know you probably know this. But this is our 1st ever San Francisco program. So this is the 1st time we've ever done San Francisco. So this is the inaugural group here. Really special.
Bob Moesta: Tell you that, based on the previous ones, we've done this, this, this group has jobs down.
Bob Moesta: probably at least
Bob Moesta: 50% better than the other ones. You've you've doubled down on it in some way, and I don't know really what it is. But I can tell that these people understand jobs in a very different way than the previous cohorts.
Bob Moesta: And we're we're trying to get better.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Every time.
Bob Moesta: Yep, that's right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yup. So my last question for you with 3 min left is, you have seen
Neal Sáles-Griffin: literally
Neal Sáles-Griffin: thousands of companies both fail and succeed. So what the patterns at the earliest stage right now, given what you've seen with this group.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: what do you think they need to hear
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that will separate the successes from the failures. Yep.
Bob Moesta: I'll I'll say this. The 1st thing is, you need to fall in love with your customer and their problem.
Bob Moesta: and and and literally be prepared like
Bob Moesta: to abandon your product.
Bob Moesta: because I think the notion is is that the more you can actually, because what I'll tell you is sometimes the products are just so simple.
Bob Moesta: and we want to make them more complicated. And when we look at the simplest solution for the customer, it'll come out. And so the thing is is we're we're pivoting a lot. But the reality is is the more you can be constant on. What's the problem you're trying to solve for whom?
Bob Moesta: Right? I think. The fact is, it becomes easier to then learn how to pivot. Most people have big pivots because they they can't make it work, and they're so locked in on the on the technology that they can't then find the place to make it work. And my thing is is, I think it's more important to find a place to work first, st and what to work on than what we should be doing.
Bob Moesta: So that's that's my big, that's my big 2 cents on that one.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright! Alright! They needed. They needed the cool uncle to say it, so thank you.
Bob Moesta: And and, to be honest, if you really don't like your clients, I'm gonna tell you you should change
Bob Moesta: like my my son.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes.
Bob Moesta: I have a great idea. I want to do automation for medical device, or for for physicians to do their. You know, this is like 3 years ago. I'm like, Okay, do you? Do you care for doctors? He goes. Not really, I said at some point in time you're going to be selling to office managers. Do you like office managers? No, I don't. I'm like, okay, though it's a great idea. The fact is, if you don't like these people. You're never gonna succeed at it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Name on.
Bob Moesta: Came on.
Bob Moesta: so.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Anything this this group can do for you, Bob, how can we support you other than buy your book.
Bob Moesta: Just because.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm gonna send everybody a book as soon as it comes out.
Bob Moesta: So one of the things that was very interesting is, I went on a trip recently, and I started to look at the coaching tree, which is, who are my students, and what are they doing now?
Bob Moesta: And, to be honest, all I ask is that you pay it forward, for, like Jake is. Jake is here because he's paying it forward.
Bob Moesta: George is here because he's paying it forward like I told him, like he can't pay me back, but he needs to help 10 people with this book like. So he's out there helping people that Jake is doing the same. And so my thing is is. All I ask is that you pay it forward, and you help as many, at least 10 more people for every person that's helped you. You help 10.
Bob Moesta: That's my goal.
Bob Moesta: That's it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This has been great, lilliana, you want to bring us home.
Lilliana Robinson: I mean, that was great. I'm so proud of all of you guys like to have such a growing view from Bob that that is
Lilliana Robinson: awesome.
Bob Moesta: I don't. I don't give up. George will tell you this. I don't give out compliments easily, so.
Lilliana Robinson: He's never said that about one of our classes when we have this. So I'm very, very happy. So thank you guys, our founders for all the work you've put in. But for your time I'm so excited you're going to be able to come to Demo Day. This is your 1st one out in the bay. Right? You've been to one in Chicago. And this that's so exciting. Okay, cool. Well, follow up with us. If you want more details so you can book your travel.
Bob Moesta: Got it.
Lilliana Robinson: Talk to you soon
Lilliana Robinson: cool.
Bob Moesta: Thanks, everybody.
Bob Moesta: see.